a-loc: 404 estructuras totales
ac: 140 estructuras totales
acco: 224 estructuras totales
acl: 15 estructuras totales
adms: 29 estructuras totales
af: 65 estructuras totales
agrelon: 1 estructuras totales
am: 30 estructuras totales
amlo-core: 382 estructuras totales
aos: 534 estructuras totales
arco: 134 estructuras totales
arp: 606 estructuras totales
atd: 252 estructuras totales
atm: 400 estructuras totales
atts: 59 estructuras totales
awol: 93 estructuras totales
aws: 225 estructuras totales
bag: 251 estructuras totales
bcom: 104 estructuras totales
bevon: 305 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |bevon:
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |bevon:
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
bevon:Cocktail
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |bevon:Mocktail
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |bevon:Cocktail
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |bevon:
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |bevon:MixedDrink
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |bevon:MixedDrink
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |bevon:NonAlcoholicBeverage
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |bevon:
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |bevon:Beverage

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |bevon:
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |bevon:
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
bevon:Mocktail
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |bevon:Cocktail
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |bevon:Mocktail
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |bevon:
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |bevon:MixedDrink
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |bevon:MixedDrink
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |bevon:AlcoholicBeverage
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |bevon:
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |bevon:Beverage

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |bevon:
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |bevon:
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
bevon:NonAlcoholicBeer
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |bevon:Beer
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |bevon:NonAlcoholicBeer
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |bevon:
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |bevon:FermentedBeverage
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |bevon:NonAlcoholicBeverage
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |bevon:AlcoholicBeverage
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |bevon:
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |bevon:Beverage
bevon: 3 estructuras filtradas
bf: 421 estructuras totales
bibo: 390 estructuras totales
bibtex: 141 estructuras totales
biopax: 1003 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
biopax:BindingFeature
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:FragmentFeature
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ModificationFeature
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityFeature
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:EntityFeature
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:BiochemicalReaction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:ComplexAssembly
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Degradation
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Conversion
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1342
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:conversionDirection
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Conversion
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:GeneticInteraction
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1211
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:participant

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:DataRange
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:oneOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |rdf:List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:Catalysis
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:TemplateReactionRegulation
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Modulation
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Control
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1209
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo1354
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:oneOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo1264
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:controller
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Control
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:MolecularInteraction
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |Anonimo1284
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:controller

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:CellVocabulary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:InteractionVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhenotypeVocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1204
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:xref

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:CellularLocationVocabulary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:PhenotypeVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:RelationshipTypeVocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1204
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:xref

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:Complex
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:SmallMolecule
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Rna
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1238
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:BindingFeature
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:notFeature
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Gene
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Entity
   |   |Anonimo1333
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:Complex
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:memberPhysicalEntity

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:ComplexAssembly
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:Degradation
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ComplexAssembly
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Conversion
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1342
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:conversionDirection
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Conversion
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:GeneticInteraction
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1211
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:participant

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
biopax:Control
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:MolecularInteraction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Control
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1267
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:participant
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Pathway
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Entity

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:Conversion
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:GeneticInteraction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:TemplateReaction
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1263
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:Gene
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:participant
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Pathway
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Entity
   |   |Anonimo1211
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:participant

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:Degradation
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:ComplexAssembly
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Degradation
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Conversion
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Conversion
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:GeneticInteraction
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1211
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:participant
   |   |Anonimo1342
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:conversionDirection

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:Dna
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:Rna
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:SmallMolecule
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1239
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:Rna
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:memberPhysicalEntity
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Gene
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Entity
   |   |Anonimo1295
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:DnaReference
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:entityReference

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:DnaReference
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:ProteinReference
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:SmallMoleculeReference
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1303
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:ProteinReference
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:memberEntityReference
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Xref
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |Anonimo1270
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:DnaReference
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:memberEntityReference

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:DnaRegion
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:Protein
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:DnaRegion
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1192
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:ProteinReference
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:entityReference
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Gene
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Entity
   |   |Anonimo1296
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:DnaRegion
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:memberPhysicalEntity

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:DnaRegionReference
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:RnaReference
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:RnaRegionReference
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1241
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:RnaRegionReference
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:subRegion
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Xref
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |Anonimo1290
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:DnaRegionReference
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:subRegion

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:EntityReferenceTypeVocabulary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:CellularLocationVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhenotypeVocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1204
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:xref

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:EvidenceCodeVocabulary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:CellularLocationVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhenotypeVocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1204
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:xref

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:ExperimentalFormVocabulary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:TissueVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalFormVocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1204
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:xref

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
biopax:FragmentFeature
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:ModificationFeature
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:FragmentFeature
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityFeature
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:EntityFeature
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:GeneticInteraction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:TemplateReaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:GeneticInteraction
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1245
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:participant
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Pathway
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Entity
   |   |Anonimo1263
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:Gene
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:participant

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:InteractionVocabulary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:PhenotypeVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:RelationshipTypeVocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1204
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:xref

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
biopax:ModificationFeature
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:FragmentFeature
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ModificationFeature
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityFeature
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:EntityFeature
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:DataRange
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:oneOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |rdf:List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:Modulation
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:Catalysis
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:TemplateReactionRegulation
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Control
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1284
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo1354
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:oneOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo1264
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:controller
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Control
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:MolecularInteraction
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |Anonimo1300
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:controller

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:MolecularInteraction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:Control
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:MolecularInteraction
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1263
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:Gene
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:participant
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Pathway
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Entity
   |   |Anonimo1267
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:participant

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:PhenotypeVocabulary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:RelationshipTypeVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:EvidenceCodeVocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1204
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:xref

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:Protein
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:DnaRegion
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Protein
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1296
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:DnaRegion
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:memberPhysicalEntity
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Gene
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Entity
   |   |Anonimo1192
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:ProteinReference
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:entityReference

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:ProteinReference
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:SmallMoleculeReference
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:RnaReference
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1350
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:SmallMoleculeReference
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:memberEntityReference
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Xref
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |Anonimo1303
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:ProteinReference
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:memberEntityReference

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
biopax:PublicationXref
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:PublicationXref
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Xref
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1283
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:db
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Xref
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:RelationshipTypeVocabulary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:EvidenceCodeVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:CellularLocationVocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1204
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:xref

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:Rna
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:SmallMolecule
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Rna
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1238
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:BindingFeature
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:notFeature
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Gene
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Entity
   |   |Anonimo1239
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:Rna
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:memberPhysicalEntity

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:RnaReference
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:RnaRegionReference
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ProteinReference
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1193
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:RnaRegionReference
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:subRegion
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Xref
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |Anonimo1241
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:RnaRegionReference
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:subRegion

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:RnaRegion
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:Dna
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Rna
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1295
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:DnaReference
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:entityReference
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Gene
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Entity
   |   |Anonimo1199
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:RnaRegion
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:memberPhysicalEntity

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:RnaRegionReference
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:ProteinReference
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:SmallMoleculeReference
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1303
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:ProteinReference
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:memberEntityReference
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Xref
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |Anonimo1193
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:RnaRegionReference
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:subRegion

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
biopax:SequenceInterval
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:SequenceSite
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:SequenceInterval
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:SequenceLocation
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:SequenceLocation
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:SequenceModificationVocabulary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:ExperimentalFormVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:TissueVocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1204
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:xref

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:SequenceRegionVocabulary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:EntityReferenceTypeVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:CellularLocationVocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1204
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:xref

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
biopax:SequenceSite
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:SequenceInterval
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:SequenceSite
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:SequenceLocation
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:SequenceLocation
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:SmallMolecule
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:Rna
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:SmallMolecule
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1239
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:Rna
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:memberPhysicalEntity
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Gene
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Entity
   |   |Anonimo1238
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:BindingFeature
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:notFeature

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:SmallMoleculeReference
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:RnaReference
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:RnaRegionReference
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1241
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:RnaRegionReference
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:subRegion
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:EntityReference
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Xref
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |Anonimo1350
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:SmallMoleculeReference
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:memberEntityReference

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:TemplateReaction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:GeneticInteraction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:TemplateReaction
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1263
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:Gene
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:participant
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Pathway
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Entity
   |   |Anonimo1245
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:participant

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:DataRange
   |   |   |   |   |owl:oneOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |rdf:List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:TemplateReactionRegulation
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:Modulation
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Catalysis
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Control
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1300
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:controller
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Control
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:MolecularInteraction
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |Anonimo1209
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1354
   |   |   |   |   |owl:oneOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo1264
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:controller

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:TissueVocabulary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:ExperimentalFormVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:TissueVocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:ControlledVocabulary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1204
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:xref

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:Transport
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:ComplexAssembly
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:Degradation
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Conversion
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1342
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:conversionDirection
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Conversion
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:GeneticInteraction
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Interaction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1211
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:PhysicalEntity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |biopax:participant

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
biopax:UnificationXref
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biopax:PublicationXref
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:UnificationXref
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:Xref
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biopax:Xref
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biopax:ExperimentalForm
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biopax:UtilityClass
   |   |Anonimo1283
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |biopax:db
biopax: 43 estructuras filtradas
biotop: 1627 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
biotop:AminoAcidMoleculeOrResidue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biotop:PeptideStructure
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biotop:AminoAcidOrPeptideMoleculeOrStructure
   |   |   |   |Anonimo2222
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biotop:AminoAcidMoleculeOrResidue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biotop:Monomer
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biotop:OligoOrPolymer
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biotop:OrganicMolecularEntityPartition
   |   |Anonimo1825
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biotop:SubmolecularGroup

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
biotop:CarbohydrateMonomer
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |biotop:ChainOfCarbohydrateMonomers
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biotop:CarbohydrateMoleculeOrResidue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo1811
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |biotop:CarbohydrateMonomer
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |biotop:CarbohydrateMoleculeOrResidue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |biotop:OligoOrPolymer
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |biotop:OrganicMolecularEntityPartition
   |   |Anonimo1655
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |biotop:SubmolecularGroup
biotop: 2 estructuras filtradas
biro: 44 estructuras totales
blt: 14 estructuras totales
bot: 19 estructuras totales
brk: 52 estructuras totales
brt: 772 estructuras totales
bto: 85 estructuras totales
c4o: 73 estructuras totales
cart: 5 estructuras totales
caso: 172 estructuras totales
cbcm: 753 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |cbcm:
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |cbcm:
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
cbcm:EUCountry
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |cbcm:NonEUCountry
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |cbcm:
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |cbcm:Country
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |cbcm:EEACountry
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |cbcm:NonEEACountry
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |cbcm:
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |cbcm:Country
cbcm: 1 estructuras filtradas
cbo: 384 estructuras totales
cco: 58 estructuras totales
cdc: 146 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |voaf:Vocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |voaf:Vocabulary
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |voaf:Vocabulary
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
cdc:ContemporaryAsBuiltDS
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |cdc:HistoricalAsBuiltDS
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |cdc:cdc
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |cdc:AsBuiltDS
   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |cdc:cdc
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |cdc:AsBuiltDS
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |cdc:DesignDS
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |cdc:cdc
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dcat:Dataset
cdc: 1 estructuras filtradas
cdesc: 2282 estructuras totales
cdtype: 8 estructuras totales
cem: 277 estructuras totales
cert: 29 estructuras totales
cevent: 110 estructuras totales
cff: 73 estructuras totales
cfp: 920 estructuras totales
cfrl: 3 estructuras totales
chord: 244 estructuras totales
cito: 155 estructuras totales
cl: 85 estructuras totales
cld: 14 estructuras totales
cnt: 17 estructuras totales
co: 18 estructuras totales
cocoon: 248 estructuras totales
cold: 64 estructuras totales
comm: 6 estructuras totales
common: 127 estructuras totales
con: 52 estructuras totales
contax: 89 estructuras totales
cpmeta: 839 estructuras totales
crm: 1153 estructuras totales
ct: 80 estructuras totales
ctlog: 462 estructuras totales
cto: 45 estructuras totales
ctrl: 66 estructuras totales
dataid: 343 estructuras totales
dba: 111 estructuras totales
dbm: 25 estructuras totales
dbpedia-owl: 8348 estructuras totales
dcam: 5 estructuras totales
dcat: 66 estructuras totales
dce: 15 estructuras totales
dcite: 162 estructuras totales
dcndl: 135 estructuras totales
dcterms: 168 estructuras totales
dctype: 14 estructuras totales
ddesc: 925 estructuras totales
deo: 48 estructuras totales
dicom: 48206 estructuras totales
dio: 78 estructuras totales
dita: 111 estructuras totales
dk: 234 estructuras totales
dnbt: 8 estructuras totales
doc: 26 estructuras totales
doco: 526 estructuras totales
dogont: 9192 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:AnsweringMachine
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Fax
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Interphone
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Communication
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Communication
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Entertainment
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:BrownGoods

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:complementOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:Appliances
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:MultipleOnOffState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19050
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:OffStateValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Controllable
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:UnControllable
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |   |owl:complementOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:UnControllable
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20103
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasFunctionality
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:QueryFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18894
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:isIn

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:BTicinoGateway
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:EliteGateway
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:KonnexGateway
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:EliteComponent
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18982
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:multicastIP
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:BTicinoComponent
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:EliteComponent
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkComponent
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19366
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:physicalType
   |   |Anonimo19385
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:connectionTrials

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Balcony
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Terrace
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Terrace
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Horizontal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Horizontal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Vertical
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Architectural

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Bathtub
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Bidet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Shower
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:SanitaryFixtures
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:SanitaryFixtures
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Shutter
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Furniture

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Bidet
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Shower
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Washbasin
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:SanitaryFixtures
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:SanitaryFixtures
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Shutter
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Furniture

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:BrownGoods
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:WhiteGoods
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Appliances
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18536
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasFunctionality
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:CycleTimingNotificationFunctionality
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Appliances
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:MultipleOnOffState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Controllable
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18894
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:isIn

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:CameraPictureImageControlFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ThermostatControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TunerFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18509
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:CoolCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ControlFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18954
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:DecreaseColorCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:CameraPictureQualityControlFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:CameraPictureZoomPanControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ThermostatControlFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18658
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:PanDownCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ControlFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18942
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:DecreaseQualityCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:CameraPictureZoomPanControlFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ThermostatControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TunerFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18509
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:CoolCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ControlFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18658
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:PanDownCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Ceiling
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Terrace
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Terrace
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Horizontal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Horizontal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Vertical
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Architectural

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:ChannelStateValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ReactiveEnergyStateValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TemperatureStateValue
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:EnergyStateValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19886
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:phaseID
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:StateValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19491
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:unitOfMeasure

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:CloseCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:StepUpCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19876
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18657
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:CoffeeMaker
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Printer
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Entertainment
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:WhiteGoods
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Appliances

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:ColorControlFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ThermostatControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TunerFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18509
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:CoolCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ControlFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18486
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:SetColorHSBCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Communication
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Entertainment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Fan
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:WhiteGoods
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Appliances

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Computer
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Printer
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Fan
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:WhiteGoods
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Appliances

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19745
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:NotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Functionality

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:ContinuousNotificationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:DiscreteNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NotificationFunctionality
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:QueryFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Functionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19845
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:CoolCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SetHourCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SetSecondsCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19780
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:commandParamName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19613
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:CurrentStateValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:FlowRateStateValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:LevelStateValue
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19886
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:phaseID
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:StateValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19491
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:unitOfMeasure
   |   |Anonimo19945
   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:phaseID

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:DecreaseColorCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:DownCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:GetCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18440
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20362
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:DecreaseContrastCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:DecreaseQualityCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:IncreaseQualityCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18362
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19445
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:DecreaseLuminosityCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:PanRightCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SetSpeedCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19421
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18742
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:DecreaseQualityCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:IncreaseQualityCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SetSecondsCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19273
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18362
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:DoubleBed
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SingleBed
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Bed
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Bed
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Closet
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Furniture

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:DownCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:GetCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:PanLeftCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19209
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18440
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Dvd
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:HiFi
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Tv
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Entertainment
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18664
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasFunctionality
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:TunerFunctionality
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Entertainment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Fan
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |   |Anonimo18865
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:OnOffStandByFunctionality

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:ElectricalCooker
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:GasCooker
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Hotplate
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Cooker
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19199
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasFunctionality
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:EnableDisableGasFunctionality
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Cooker
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Stove
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:WhiteGoods

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:ElectricalOven
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:MicrowaveOven
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Oven
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19051
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasFunctionality
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:MicrowaveEmissionNotificationFunctionality
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Oven
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:WashingMachine
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:WhiteGoods
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18726
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasFunctionality
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:StartStopPauseFunctionality

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:EliteGateway
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:KonnexGateway
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:KonnexComponent
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18982
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:multicastIP
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:EliteComponent
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZigBeeComponent
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkComponent

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Entertainment
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Fan
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Printer
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:WhiteGoods
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Appliances

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Fan
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Printer
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:WhiteGoods
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Appliances

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:FanControlFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:TunerFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TunerFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19620
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:SetCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ControlFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18861
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:SpeedDownCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Fax
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Interphone
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Phone
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Communication
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Communication
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Entertainment
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:BrownGoods

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Floor
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Terrace
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Horizontal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Horizontal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Vertical
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Architectural

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:FlowMeasurementNotificationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:PressureMeasurementNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ThermostatNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18388
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:PressureMeasurementNotification
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NotificationFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18625
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:FlowRateMeasurementNotification

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:FlowRateState
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ShadeState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TemperatureState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19120
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:ShadeStateValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:State
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18895
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |Anonimo20273
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:FlowRateStateValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:FlowRateStateValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:LevelStateValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ReactiveEnergyStateValue
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19886
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:phaseID
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:StateValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19491
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:unitOfMeasure

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:ForwardCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:GetTemperatureCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:OnFlashingCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18567
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20232
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:GasCooker
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Hotplate
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Cooker
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Cooker
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Stove
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:WhiteGoods
   |   |Anonimo19199
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:EnableDisableGasFunctionality

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:GetCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:PanLeftCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:UpCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20265
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19209
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:GetFlowRateCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:UpCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomOutCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19350
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonVoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20457
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:returnType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:GetFlowRateMCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:TimedOnCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:UpCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19610
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20259
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20264
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:GetLuminanceCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:GoToTrackCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:PanUpCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19541
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:commandParamName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonVoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18442
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:GetOccupancyCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:StepUpCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19876
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20376
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:GetPressureCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SpeedUpCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:StoreGroupCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20280
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18431
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:returnType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:GetPressureMCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SetSpeedCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18853
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:commandParamName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20259
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18423
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:GetRelativeHumidityCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:StepUpCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19876
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19560
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:returnType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:GetRelativeHumidityMCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:GrabPictureCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:NextTrackCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonVoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20438
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20259
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19057
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:GetTemperatureCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:OnFlashingCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SetSecondsCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19686
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18567
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:GetTemperatureMCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:TimedOnCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:UpCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19610
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonVoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20259
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19812
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:GrabPictureCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:NextTrackCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:RewindCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18964
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonVoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20438
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:GroupFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SceneFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SceneFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19418
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:StoreSceneCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NetworkFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:PlayFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo19958
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:DeleteGroupCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:GroupNotificationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SceneNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SceneNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19333
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:DeleteSceneNotification
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NetworkNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SingleValuedNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteNotificationFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18914
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:JoinGroupNotification

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:HeatCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:IncreaseContrastCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:PanLeftCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19690
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18769
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:HiFi
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Tv
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Tv
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Entertainment
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19072
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasFunctionality
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:OnOffStandbyNotificationFunctionality
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Entertainment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Fan
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |   |Anonimo18664
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:TunerFunctionality

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Horizontal
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Vertical
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Architectural
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Architectural
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Furniture
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:BuildingThing

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:HumidityMeasurementNotificationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SimpleLevelNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ThermostatNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:LevelNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18746
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:LevelControlNotification
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NotificationFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18529
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:HumidityMeasurementNotification

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:HumidityMeasurementState
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:TemperatureState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TunerState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20393
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:TemperatureStateValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:State
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18895
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |Anonimo20269
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:HumidityStateValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:HumidityStateValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ReactiveEnergyStateValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TemperatureStateValue
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:EnergyStateValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19886
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:phaseID
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:StateValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19491
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:unitOfMeasure

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:IdentificationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SceneFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19418
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:StoreSceneCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NetworkFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:PlayFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:IdentificationNotificationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SceneNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19333
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:DeleteSceneNotification
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NetworkNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SingleValuedNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteNotificationFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo19069
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:IdentifyNotification

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:IncreaseColorCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SpeedUpCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:StoreGroupCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20280
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19483
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:IncreaseContrastCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:PanLeftCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:UpCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20265
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19690
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:IncreaseLuminosityCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:PanLeftCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:UpCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20265
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19669
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:IncreaseQualityCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SetSecondsCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SetTimeoutCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19442
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19273
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Interphone
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Phone
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Communication
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Communication
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Entertainment
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:BrownGoods

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:LevelControlFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ThermostatControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TunerFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18509
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:CoolCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ControlFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18637
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:SetCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:LevelState
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ShadeState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TemperatureState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19120
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:ShadeStateValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:State
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18895
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |Anonimo18878
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:LevelStateValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:LevelStateValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ReactiveEnergyStateValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TemperatureStateValue
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:EnergyStateValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19886
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:phaseID
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:StateValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19491
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:unitOfMeasure

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:LightIntensityState
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:VolumeLevelState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:LevelState
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:LevelState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ShadeState
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18878
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:LevelStateValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:LightRegulationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:VolumeRegulationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18737
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:DecreaseVolumeCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:LevelControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ThermostatControlFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18637
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:SetCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:MovementNotificationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:UpDownNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:OpenCloseNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19143
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:PressedDownNotification
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19646
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:Notification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo18906
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:SimpleMovementNotification

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:MovementState
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:OpenCloseState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SensingState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19336
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:CloseStateValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TripleValuedState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19712
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |Anonimo19785
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:MovingStateValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:NextTrackCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:RewindCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomOutCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19071
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18964
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:OccupancyState
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SensingState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SensingState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18706
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:NotDetectedStateValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TripleValuedState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19712
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |Anonimo18341
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:OccupiedStateValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:OffCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SetTimeoutCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18610
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18727
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:OffFlashingCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:StopPlayingCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19587
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18517
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:OnCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:OnFlashingCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SetSecondsCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19686
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20013
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:OnFlashingCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SetSecondsCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SetTimeoutCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19442
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19686
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:OnOffFlashingFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:OpenCloseFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:StepFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20260
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:CloseCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20028
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |Anonimo20064
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:OffFlashingCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:OnOffFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:UpDownFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:StepFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19765
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:UpCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20028
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |Anonimo19696
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:OffCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:OnOffNotificationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:OpenCloseNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:PresenceNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20205
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:OpenNotification
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19646
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:Notification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo18885
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:OnNotification

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:OnOffState
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:PresenceState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SensingState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19880
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:PresentStateValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TripleValuedState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19712
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |Anonimo19748
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:OnStateValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:OpenCloseFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:StepFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:UpDownFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19672
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:StepUpCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20028
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |Anonimo20260
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:CloseCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:OpenCloseNotificationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:PresenceNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:UpDownNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18350
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:IsPresentNotification
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19646
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:Notification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo20205
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:OpenNotification

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:OpenCloseState
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SensingState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:SensingState
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18706
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:NotDetectedStateValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TripleValuedState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19712
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |Anonimo19336
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:CloseStateValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:OpenCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SpeedUpCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:StoreGroupCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20280
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18876
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:PanDownCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SetTimeoutCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18610
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19854
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:PanLeftCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:UpCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomOutCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19350
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20265
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:PanRightCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SetSpeedCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18853
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:commandParamName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19421
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:PanUpCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SetTimeoutCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18610
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19090
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:PauseCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:PlayCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:StepUpCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18680
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19794
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:PlayCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:StepUpCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19876
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18680
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:PresenceNotificationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:UpDownNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19143
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:PressedDownNotification
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19646
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:Notification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo18350
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:IsPresentNotification

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:PresenceState
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SensingState
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18706
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:NotDetectedStateValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TripleValuedState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19712
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |Anonimo19880
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:PresentStateValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:PressureMeasurementNotificationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ThermostatNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ThermostatNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19937
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:HeatNotification
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NotificationFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18388
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:PressureMeasurementNotification

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:PressureState
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:TemperatureState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TunerState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20393
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:TemperatureStateValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:State
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18895
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |Anonimo19749
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:PressureStateValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:PressureStateValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:TemperatureStateValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TemperatureStateValue
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19886
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:phaseID
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:StateValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19491
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:unitOfMeasure

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:PreviousTrackCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SpeedUpCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:StoreGroupCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20280
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20377
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Radio
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Tv
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Entertainment
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19072
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasFunctionality
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:OnOffStandbyNotificationFunctionality
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:Entertainment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Fan
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:BrownGoods
   |   |Anonimo18409
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:OnOffStandByFunctionality

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:RestCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:SetSpeedCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18853
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:commandParamName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19697
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:RewindCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ZoomOutCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19346
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19071
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:ShadeState
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:TemperatureState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TunerState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20393
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:TemperatureStateValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:State
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18895
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |Anonimo19120
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:ShadeStateValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:ShadeStateValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:TemperatureStateValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:StateValue
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19491
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:unitOfMeasure

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Shower
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:Washbasin
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:WaterCloset
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:SanitaryFixtures
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:SanitaryFixtures
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Shutter
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Furniture

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:ShutterRegulationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ThermostatControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TunerFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18509
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:CoolCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ControlFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18749
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:DownCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:SourceSelectionFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ToggleFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ToggleFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:SingleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18747
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:ToggleCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:SingleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TripleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18608
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |Anonimo20476
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:SelectSourceCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:SpeedDownCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:StoreGroupCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:StoreSceneCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18670
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20402
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:SpeedUpCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:StoreGroupCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:StoreSceneCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18670
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20280
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:StandBy
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomOutCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20092
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20395
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:StepDownCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:TimedOnCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:UpCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19610
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18801
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:StepFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:UpDownFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19765
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:UpCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:DoubleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:NetworkFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20028
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |Anonimo19672
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:StepUpCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:StepUpCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomOutCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20092
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19876
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:StopHeatingCoolingCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:StopPlayingCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19587
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18705
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:StopPlayingCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomOutCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20092
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19587
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:TemperatureMeasurementNotificationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ThermostatNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19937
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:HeatNotification
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteNotificationFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NotificationFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo19315
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasNotification
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:TemperatureMeasurementNotification

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:TemperatureState
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:TunerState
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20088
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:ChannelStateValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousState
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteState
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:State
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18895
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |Anonimo20393
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasStateValue
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:TemperatureStateValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:ThermostatControlFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:TunerFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TunerFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19620
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:SetCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ControlFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18509
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:CoolCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:TimeRegulationFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:TunerFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19620
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:SetCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:ContinuousControlFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:ControlFunctionality
   |   |Anonimo18897
   |   |   |owl:minCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:SetHourCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:TimedOnFunctionality
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ToggleFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:SingleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18747
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:ToggleCommand
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:SingleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:TripleValuedFunctionality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:DiscreteControlFunctionality
   |   |   |   |Anonimo18608
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |Anonimo18565
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:hasCommand
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dogont:TimedOnCommand

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:ToggleCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ZoomOutCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomOutCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19346
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo18988
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:UpCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ZoomOutCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ZoomOutCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19346
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:VoidCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo19350
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
dogont:Washbasin
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:WaterCloset
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:SanitaryFixtures
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:SanitaryFixtures
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:Shutter
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Furniture

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dogont:ZoomInCommand
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dogont:ZoomOutCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |   |Anonimo19346
   |   |   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dogont:NonParametricCommand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dogont:ParametricCommand
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dogont:Command
   |   |   |   |Anonimo20130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dogont:nParams
   |   |Anonimo20092
   |   |   |owl:hasValue
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dogont:realCommandName
dogont: 126 estructuras filtradas
dot: 88 estructuras totales
dpn: 77 estructuras totales
dqc: 1067 estructuras totales
dqm: 369 estructuras totales
dqv: 27 estructuras totales
dsn: 15 estructuras totales
dtype: 77 estructuras totales
dul: 982 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |owl:Ontology
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |owl:Ontology
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |owl:Ontology
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dul:EventType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dul:Role
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dul:Role
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |dul:DUL.owl
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dul:Concept
   |   |   |   |Anonimo21733
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:Object
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:classifies
   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |dul:DUL.owl
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dul:Concept
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dul:InformationObject
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |dul:DUL.owl
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dul:SocialObject
   |   |   |   |Anonimo21739
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:Concept
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:isDefinedIn
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:Description
   |   |Anonimo21683
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dul:Event
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dul:classifies

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |owl:Ontology
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |owl:Ontology
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |owl:Ontology
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dul:Parameter
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dul:Role
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |dul:DUL.owl
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dul:Concept
   |   |   |   |Anonimo21733
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:Object
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:classifies
   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |dul:DUL.owl
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dul:Concept
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dul:InformationObject
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |dul:DUL.owl
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dul:SocialObject
   |   |   |   |Anonimo21739
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:Concept
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:isDefinedIn
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:Description
   |   |Anonimo21728
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dul:Region
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dul:classifies

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |owl:Ontology
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |owl:Ontology
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |owl:Ontology
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
dul:PhysicalObject
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |dul:SocialObject
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |dul:DUL.owl
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dul:Object
   |   |   |   |Anonimo21706
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:SocialObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:hasPart
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:InformationObject
   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |dul:DUL.owl
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |dul:Object
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |dul:Quality
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |dul:DUL.owl
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |dul:Entity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo21716
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:Role
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:isClassifiedBy
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |dul:Entity
   |   |Anonimo21678
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |dul:PhysicalObject
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |dul:hasPart
dul: 3 estructuras filtradas
eac-cpf: 82 estructuras totales
ecfo: 31 estructuras totales
ecpo: 103 estructuras totales
ecrm: 1292 estructuras totales
edac: 116 estructuras totales
edu: 63 estructuras totales
edupro: 11 estructuras totales
eeo: 122 estructuras totales
eepsa: 1 estructuras totales
ei2a: 253 estructuras totales
ep: 13 estructuras totales
eqp: 51 estructuras totales
esco: 496 estructuras totales
eupont: 887 estructuras totales
event: 28 estructuras totales
ex: 9 estructuras totales
exif: 175 estructuras totales
fabio: 764 estructuras totales
faldo: 105 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
faldo:C-TerminalPosition
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |faldo:N-TerminalPosition
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |faldo:C-TerminalPosition
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |faldo:ExactPosition
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |faldo:ExactPosition
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |faldo:OneOfPosition
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |faldo:Position
   |   |   |   |Anonimo22603
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |faldo:position

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
faldo:N-TerminalPosition
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |faldo:C-TerminalPosition
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |faldo:N-TerminalPosition
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |faldo:ExactPosition
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |faldo:ExactPosition
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |faldo:OneOfPosition
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |faldo:Position
   |   |   |   |Anonimo22603
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |faldo:position
faldo: 2 estructuras filtradas
fel: 56 estructuras totales
fiesta-iot: 602 estructuras totales
fiesta-priv: 348 estructuras totales
fog: 98 estructuras totales
fowl: 116 estructuras totales
frad: 468 estructuras totales
frbrer: 1411 estructuras totales
fresnel: 328 estructuras totales
game: 59 estructuras totales
geo: 5 estructuras totales
geofla: 106 estructuras totales
geom: 175 estructuras totales
gleif-L1: 264 estructuras totales
gleif-L2: 169 estructuras totales
gleif-base: 231 estructuras totales
gleif-elf: 10 estructuras totales
gleif-geo: 85 estructuras totales
gleif-ra: 10 estructuras totales
gleif-repex: 75 estructuras totales
gml: 114 estructuras totales
gn: 1471 estructuras totales
gndo: 610 estructuras totales
gom: 62 estructuras totales
gov: 87 estructuras totales
gr: 1125 estructuras totales
grddl: 16 estructuras totales
gso: 34 estructuras totales
gsp: 108 estructuras totales
ha: 615 estructuras totales
hifm: 12 estructuras totales
holding: 54 estructuras totales
hpont: 51 estructuras totales
hto: 186 estructuras totales
http: 35 estructuras totales
iadopt: 19 estructuras totales
iddo: 346 estructuras totales
ids: 605 estructuras totales
ifc: 22057 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcActionRequest
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPerformanceHistory
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkCalendar
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27289
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26755
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPerformanceHistoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25750
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:lifeCyclePhase_IfcPerformanceHistory
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25932
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25214
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25057
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcControl
   |   |Anonimo27092
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:status_IfcActionRequest

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcActor
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcResource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcResourceSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28980
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26287
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcText
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:longDescription_IfcResource
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26017
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25590
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isDeclaredBy_IfcObject
   |   |Anonimo26368
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActorSelect
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActorSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:theActor_IfcActor
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcActuator
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnit
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAlarm
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26675
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnit
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27678
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedToFlowElement_IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |Anonimo27668
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcActuator

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcActuatorType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAlarmType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26615
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcUnitaryControlElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27076
   |   |Anonimo25786
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcActuatorType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcAdvancedBrep
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFacetedBrep
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAdvancedBrep
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcManifoldSolidBrep
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcManifoldSolidBrep
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26668
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25648
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27558
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcClosedShell
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcClosedShell
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:outer_IfcManifoldSolidBrep
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcAirTerminal
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricAppliance
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25958
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFireSuppressionTerminal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28029
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirTerminal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcAirTerminalBox
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMeter
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValve
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25128
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMeterTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMeterTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFlowMeter
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25450
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirTerminalBox

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28806
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcProtectiveDeviceType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28279
   |   |Anonimo27659
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirTerminalBoxType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcAirTerminalType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcLightFixtureType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26123
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightFixtureTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightFixtureTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcLightFixtureType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo27423
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecovery
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricGenerator
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundle
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25350
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricGeneratorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricGeneratorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricGenerator
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28499
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirToAirHeatRecovery

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEngineType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChillerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26815
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEngineType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo26012
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcAlarm
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSensor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25131
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcUnitaryControlElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27678
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedToFlowElement_IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |Anonimo28959
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAlarmTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAlarmTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAlarm

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcAlarmType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28008
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27076
   |   |Anonimo28468
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAlarmTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAlarmTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAlarmType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcAnnotation
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28488
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27480
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27020
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGridAxis_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:referencesElements_IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25696
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27495
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25782
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:objectPlacement_IfcProduct

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcAnnotationFillArea
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlanarExtent
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26522
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26106
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveRatioMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28917
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26627
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29152
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:tilingPattern_IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo28589
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:outerBoundary_IfcAnnotationFillArea
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcAsset
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralResultGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25022
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLoadGroupTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRatioMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26689
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isGroupedBy_IfcGroup
   |   |Anonimo25187
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostValue
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:currentValue_IfcAsset

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcAsymmetricIShapeProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26529
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:flangeSlope_IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28735
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27722
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |Anonimo25384
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:bottomFlangeThickness_IfcAsymmetricIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcAudioVisualAppliance
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcOutlet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsAppliance
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28014
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOutletTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOutletTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcOutlet
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28215
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAudioVisualApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAudioVisualApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAudioVisualAppliance

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcAudioVisualApplianceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcWasteTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminalType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26721
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWasteTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWasteTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWasteTerminalType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo27909
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAudioVisualApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAudioVisualApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAudioVisualApplianceType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcAxis1Placement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis1Placement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlacement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27045
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:refDirection_IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPlacement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26820
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26821
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25357
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:location_IfcPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26903
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:axis_IfcAxis1Placement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAxis1Placement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlacement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26903
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:axis_IfcAxis1Placement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPlacement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26820
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26821
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25357
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:location_IfcPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo27045
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:refDirection_IfcAxis2Placement2D

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAxis1Placement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlacement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26903
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:axis_IfcAxis1Placement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPlacement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26820
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26821
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25357
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:location_IfcPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo27550
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:axis_IfcAxis2Placement3D

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcBSplineCurve
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTrimmedCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPolyline
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedCurve
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26763
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTrimmingPreference
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25681
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSegmentIndexSelect_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25247
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTrimmingSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:trim2_IfcTrimmedCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo28871
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConic
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27883
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25435
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27546
   |   |Anonimo26279
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLogical
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25559
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27204
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLogical
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:selfIntersect_IfcBSplineCurve
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcBSplineSurface
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCurveBoundedPlane
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveBoundedSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedSurface
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26273
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlane
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:basisSurface_IfcCurveBoundedPlane
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo25409
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27931
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25791
   |   |Anonimo25130
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLogical
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26454
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26455
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBSplineSurfaceForm
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:selfIntersect_IfcBSplineSurface
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcBeam
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlab
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27956
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:numberOfTreads_IfcStairFlight
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo28765
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBeam

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcBeamType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStairType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26113
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStairType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo27707
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBeamType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcBlobTexture
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPixelTexture
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBlobTexture
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25869
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26925
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBinary_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:colourComponents_IfcPixelTexture
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveStyleFontPattern
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28261
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26254
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26861
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:textureTransform_IfcSurfaceTexture
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26637
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:rasterFormat_IfcBlobTexture
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcBlock
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRectangularPyramid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRightCircularCylinder
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26597
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:yLength_IfcRectangularPyramid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27100
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27574
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26274
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:zLength_IfcBlock
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcBoiler
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecovery
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricGenerator
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28499
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirToAirHeatRecovery
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26659
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoilerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoilerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBoiler

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcBoilerType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29080
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricMotorType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo27122
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoilerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoilerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBoilerType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcBooleanResult
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcLightSource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPoint
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26905
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25846
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNormalisedRatioMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28917
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26627
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29152
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:intensity_IfcLightSource
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBooleanOperand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo26661
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBooleanOperator
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBooleanOperand
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:operator_IfcBooleanResult
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcBoundedCurve
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcConic
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOffsetCurve2D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27032
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27314
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcConic
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo25435
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27546
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcBoundedSurface
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25880
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26816
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sweptCurve_IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25791
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28793

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcBoundingBox
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26194
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25357
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29121
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29005
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:location_IfcPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo25727
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:zDim_IfcBoundingBox
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcBoxedHalfSpace
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPolygonalBoundedHalfSpace
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoxedHalfSpace
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27507
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcPolygonalBoundedHalfSpace
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27173
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:baseSurface_IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo27149
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundingBox
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundingBox
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:enclosure_IfcBoxedHalfSpace
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcBuilding
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingStorey
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuilding
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27658
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elevation_IfcBuildingStorey
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcExternalSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25780
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27642
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25075
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementCompositionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementCompositionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:compositionType_IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |Anonimo27472
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:elevationOfTerrain_IfcBuilding

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26056
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assemblyPlace_IfcElementAssembly
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25011
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28800
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25100
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFillsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:providesBoundaries_IfcElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcBuildingElementPart
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcVibrationIsolator
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPart
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28727
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26263
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVibrationIsolatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVibrationIsolatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcVibrationIsolator
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |Anonimo26807
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPartTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPartTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBuildingElementPart

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcBuildingElementPartType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25106
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28147
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26725
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:nominalLength_IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27619
   |   |Anonimo27802
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPartTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPartTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBuildingElementPartType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcBuildingElementProxy
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBeam
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28765
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBeam
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo26363
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementProxyTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementProxyTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBuildingElementProxy

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcBuildingElementProxyType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStairType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26113
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStairType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo27338
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementProxyTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementProxyTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBuildingElementProxyType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27619
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27461
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcGeographicElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorStyle
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28737
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcElementType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcBuildingStorey
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBuilding
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingStorey
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27472
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elevationOfTerrain_IfcBuilding
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcExternalSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25780
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27642
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25075
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementCompositionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementCompositionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:compositionType_IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |Anonimo27658
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:elevation_IfcBuildingStorey

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcBuildingSystem
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionSystem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcZone
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27667
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionSystemEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionSystem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25910
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:servicesBuildings_IfcSystem
   |   |Anonimo27416
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingSystemTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:longName_IfcBuildingSystem

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcBurner
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTower
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporator
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25680
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCoolingTower
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25795
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBurnerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBurnerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBurner

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcBurnerType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTransformerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26665
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransformerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransformerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTransformerType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo27691
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBurnerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBurnerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBurnerType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCShapeProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26529
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:flangeSlope_IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28735
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27722
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |Anonimo25788
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:depth_IfcCShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCableCarrierFitting
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFitting
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableFitting
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28769
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctFitting
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27812
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableCarrierFitting

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCableCarrierFittingType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFittingType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierFittingType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFittingType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28677
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPipeFittingType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFittingType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26037
   |   |Anonimo26555
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableCarrierFittingType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegment
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27856
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctSegment
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26159
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableCarrierSegment

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCableSegmentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegmentType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegmentType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25097
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableSegmentType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegmentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28868
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29126
   |   |Anonimo27864
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableCarrierSegmentType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCableFitting
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFitting
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFitting
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25718
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPipeFitting
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27271
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableFitting

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCableFittingType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcJunctionBoxType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableFittingType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFittingType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28433
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcJunctionBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcJunctionBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcJunctionBoxType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFittingType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26037
   |   |Anonimo25977
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableFittingType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCableSegment
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26159
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableCarrierSegment
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25509
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableSegment

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCableSegmentType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegmentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeSegmentType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegmentType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25101
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctSegmentType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegmentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28868
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29126
   |   |Anonimo25097
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableSegmentType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPointOnCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPointOnSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPoint
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26511
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:basisCurve_IfcPointOnCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPoint
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26544
   |   |Anonimo25424
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27573
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25920
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26078
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:coordinates_IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28607
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27173
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25728
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28664
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:baseSurface_IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26194
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCartesianPointList2D
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList3D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList2D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27654
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29054
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:coordList_IfcCartesianPointList3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26194
   |   |Anonimo26210
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28847
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:coordList_IfcCartesianPointList2D
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCartesianPointList3D
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList2D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList3D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26210
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28847
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:coordList_IfcCartesianPointList2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26194
   |   |Anonimo27654
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29054
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:coordList_IfcCartesianPointList3D
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27100
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27574
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28917
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26627
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29152
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo27596
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26736
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo25293
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:scale_IfcCartesianTransformationOperator
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator2D
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator3D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator2D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27592
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:axis3_IfcCartesianTransformationOperator3D
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27596
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26736
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25293
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:scale_IfcCartesianTransformationOperator
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator3D
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator2D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator3D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27596
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26736
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25293
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:scale_IfcCartesianTransformationOperator
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo27592
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:axis3_IfcCartesianTransformationOperator3D

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcChiller
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTower
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporator
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25680
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCoolingTower
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26893
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChillerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChillerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcChiller

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcChillerType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoilerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25121
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSolarDeviceType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo26640
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChillerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChillerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcChillerType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcChimney
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlab
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27956
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:numberOfTreads_IfcStairFlight
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo25078
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChimneyTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChimneyTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcChimney

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcChimneyType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPlateType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28292
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlateTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlateTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPlateType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo28413
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChimneyTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChimneyTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcChimneyType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCircle
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEllipse
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCircle
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConic
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28056
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:semiAxis1_IfcEllipse
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcConic
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOffsetCurve2D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27032
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27314
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcConic
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26863
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:radius_IfcCircle
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCircleProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcLShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25116
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:legSlope_IfcLShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28735
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27722
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |Anonimo25551
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:radius_IfcCircleProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCivilElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26056
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assemblyPlace_IfcElementAssembly
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25011
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28800
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25100
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFillsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:providesBoundaries_IfcElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCivilElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27635
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTransportElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorStyle
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28737
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcElementType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcClosedShell
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcOpenShell
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcClosedShell
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConnectedFaceSet
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSolidOrShell
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25386
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFace
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFace
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:cfsFaces_IfcConnectedFaceSet

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCoil
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnection
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28596
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMotorConnection
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26300
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoilTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoilTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCoil

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCoilType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnectionType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26774
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMotorConnectionType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo28594
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoilTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoilTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCoilType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcColumn
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlab
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27956
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:numberOfTreads_IfcStairFlight
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo28527
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcColumn

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcColumnType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcChimneyType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlateType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28413
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChimneyTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChimneyTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcChimneyType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo27927
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcColumnType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCommunicationsAppliance
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricAppliance
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMedicalDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28219
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricAppliance
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28621
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCommunicationsAppliance

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpaceHeaterType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28833
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStackTerminalType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo25706
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcComplexProperty
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexProperty
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28690
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeration
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27079
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27080
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25305
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcResourceConstraintRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasConstraints_IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26885
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:usageName_IfcComplexProperty
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcComplexPropertyTemplate
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSimplePropertyTemplate
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25023
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:primaryUnit_IfcSimplePropertyTemplate
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetTemplate
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25221
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25531
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:partOfComplexTemplate_IfcPropertyTemplate
   |   |Anonimo25768
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexPropertyTemplateTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:templateType_IfcComplexPropertyTemplate

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCompositeCurve
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBSplineCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTrimmedCurve
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28871
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27883
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26279
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLogical
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25559
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSegmentIndexSelect_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27204
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLogical
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:selfIntersect_IfcBSplineCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConic
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25435
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27546
   |   |Anonimo26982
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLogical
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29014
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeCurveSegment_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLogical
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:selfIntersect_IfcCompositeCurve
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCompositeCurveSegment
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillStyleSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27100
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25065
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHatchLineDistanceSelect
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29121
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29005
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveStyle
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hatchLineAppearance_IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo26960
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransitionCode
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:transition_IfcCompositeCurveSegment
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCompressor
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFan
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPump
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27007
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFanTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFanTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFan
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27218
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompressorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompressorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCompressor

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCompressorType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFanType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPumpType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28729
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFanTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFanTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFanType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27139
   |   |Anonimo25675
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompressorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompressorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCompressorType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCondenser
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBoiler
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecovery
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26659
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoilerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoilerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBoiler
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26093
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCondenserTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCondenserTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCondenser

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCondenserType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBurnerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransformerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27691
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBurnerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBurnerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBurnerType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo25099
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCondenserTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCondenserTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCondenserType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcConic
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcOffsetCurve2D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOffsetCurve3D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27546
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25883
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:basisCurve_IfcOffsetCurve2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27032
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |Anonimo27314
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcConic
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcConnectedFaceSet
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConnectedFaceSet
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28207
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25460
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:edgeList_IfcPath
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26585
   |   |Anonimo25386
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFace
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFace
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:cfsFaces_IfcConnectedFaceSet

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcContext
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26017
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25590
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isDeclaredBy_IfcObject
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyDefinition
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26387
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRoot
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28410
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27953
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAggregates
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAggregates
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isDecomposedBy_IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |Anonimo25597
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitAssignment
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:phase_IfcContext

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcControl
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcResource
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26850
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26368
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActorSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActorSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:theActor_IfcActor
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo25932
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25214
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26017
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25590
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isDeclaredBy_IfcObject
   |   |Anonimo25057
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcControl

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcController
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSensor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25131
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcUnitaryControlElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27678
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedToFlowElement_IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |Anonimo25961
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControllerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControllerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcController

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcControllerType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowInstrumentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28157
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowInstrumentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowInstrumentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFlowInstrumentType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27076
   |   |Anonimo27388
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControllerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControllerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcControllerType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCooledBeam
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnection
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28596
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMotorConnection
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26223
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCooledBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCooledBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCooledBeam

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCooledBeamType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcHumidifierType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28245
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHumidifierTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHumidifierTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcHumidifierType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo28530
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCooledBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCooledBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCooledBeamType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCoolingTower
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporator
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCondenser
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25898
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEvaporator
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25680
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCoolingTower

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCoolingTowerType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29080
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricMotorType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo27377
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCoolingTowerType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCostItem
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcProjectOrder
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPerformanceHistory
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27289
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25295
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcText
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProjectOrderTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:longDescription_IfcProjectOrder
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25932
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25214
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25057
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcControl
   |   |Anonimo26629
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostItemTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25750
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostValue_List
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostValue_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:costValues_IfcCostItem

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCostSchedule
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcActionRequest
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPerformanceHistory
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27289
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27092
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25750
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:status_IfcActionRequest
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25932
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25214
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25057
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcControl
   |   |Anonimo25985
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostScheduleTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCostSchedule

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCovering
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRampFlight
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMember
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25679
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRampFlightTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRampFlightTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcRampFlight
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo25527
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoveringTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelCoversBldgElements
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:coversElements_IfcCovering

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCoveringType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBeamType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27707
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBeamType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo27774
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoveringTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoveringTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCoveringType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26194
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27298
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29121
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29005
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sizeInX_IfcPlanarExtent
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27100
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo27574
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCsgSolid
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29038
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29010
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25353
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sweptArea_IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSolidModel
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBooleanOperand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28607
   |   |Anonimo25943
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSelect
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:treeRootExpression_IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcCurtainWall
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27828
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcShadingDevice
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo28407
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurtainWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurtainWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCurtainWall

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCurtainWallType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcColumnType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChimneyType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27927
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcColumnType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo26372
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurtainWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurtainWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCurtainWallType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcCurve
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillStyleSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26736
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25065
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHatchLineDistanceSelect
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29121
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29005
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveStyle
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hatchLineAppearance_IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCurveBoundedPlane
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCurveBoundedSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBSplineSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27931
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25123
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26454
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26455
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundaryCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:boundaries_IfcCurveBoundedSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25791
   |   |Anonimo26273
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlane
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:basisSurface_IfcCurveBoundedPlane
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCurveBoundedSurface
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBSplineSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveBoundedPlane
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25409
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27931
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25130
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLogical
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26454
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26455
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBSplineSurfaceForm
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:selfIntersect_IfcBSplineSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25791
   |   |Anonimo25123
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundaryCurve
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:boundaries_IfcCurveBoundedSurface
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcCylindricalSurface
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPlane
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCylindricalSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementarySurface
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementarySurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28717
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28792
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26196
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcElementarySurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo25159
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:radius_IfcCylindricalSurface
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDamper
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBox
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMeter
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25450
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirTerminalBox
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27712
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDamperTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDamperTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDamper

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcDamperType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26010
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricDistributionBoardType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28279
   |   |Anonimo28240
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDamperTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDamperTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDamperType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcDirection
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26960
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransitionCode
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28917
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26627
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29152
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:transition_IfcCompositeCurveSegment
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcVectorOrDirection
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo28740
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29121
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29005
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:directionRatios_IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDiscreteAccessory
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastener
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPart
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28727
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25184
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:nominalLength_IfcMechanicalFastener
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |Anonimo25092
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDiscreteAccessoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDiscreteAccessoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDiscreteAccessory

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcDiscreteAccessoryType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponentType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28147
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26725
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:nominalLength_IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27619
   |   |Anonimo26704
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDiscreteAccessoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDiscreteAccessoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDiscreteAccessoryType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27925
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasControlElements_IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26234
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28777
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29077
   |   |Anonimo27082
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27925
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasControlElements_IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25281
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPortToElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasPorts_IfcDistributionElement
   |   |Anonimo27678
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedToFlowElement_IfcDistributionControlElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28777
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29077
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementType
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27076
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26056
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assemblyPlace_IfcElementAssembly
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25011
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28800
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25100
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFillsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:providesBoundaries_IfcElement
   |   |Anonimo25281
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPortToElement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:hasPorts_IfcDistributionElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDistributionElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27461
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcGeographicElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorStyle
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28737
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcElementType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27678
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedToFlowElement_IfcDistributionControlElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25281
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPortToElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasPorts_IfcDistributionElement
   |   |Anonimo27925
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:hasControlElements_IfcDistributionFlowElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27076
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo28777
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementType
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29077
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDistributionSystem
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcZone
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAnalysisModel
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26232
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:longName_IfcZone
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25910
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:servicesBuildings_IfcSystem
   |   |Anonimo27667
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionSystemEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionSystem

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDoor
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFooting
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27724
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFootingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFootingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFooting
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo26596
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:userDefinedOperationType_IfcDoor

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDoorLiningProperties
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPermeableCoveringProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorPanelProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25942
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29042
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionReinforcementProperties_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:frameDepth_IfcPermeableCoveringProperties
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantitySet
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28533
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27123
   |   |Anonimo25093
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:liningDepth_IfcDoorLiningProperties

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcDoorPanelProperties
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPermeableCoveringProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorPanelProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25942
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29042
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionReinforcementProperties_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:frameDepth_IfcPermeableCoveringProperties
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantitySet
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28533
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27123
   |   |Anonimo25691
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorPanelPositionEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShapeAspect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:panelPosition_IfcDoorPanelProperties
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcDoorStyle
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWindowStyle
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25037
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25038
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27799
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcSpatialElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeResource
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25071
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26912
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationMap_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:representationMaps_IfcTypeProduct
   |   |Anonimo26784
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorStyleOperationEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:operationType_IfcDoorStyle
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcDoorType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCoveringType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27774
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoveringTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoveringTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCoveringType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo26326
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorTypeOperationEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:operationType_IfcDoorType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDuctFitting
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCableFitting
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFitting
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27271
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableFitting
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28769
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctFitting

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcDuctFittingType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierFittingType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFittingType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFittingType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26555
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableCarrierFittingType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFittingType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26037
   |   |Anonimo25766
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctFittingType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDuctSegment
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCableSegment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25509
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableSegment
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27856
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctSegment

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcDuctSegmentType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPipeSegmentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegmentType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29105
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPipeSegmentType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegmentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28868
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29126
   |   |Anonimo25101
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctSegmentType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcDuctSilencer
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFilter
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencer
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28320
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFilterTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFilterTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFilter
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26828
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctSilencer

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcDuctSilencerType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFilterType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInterceptorType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26204
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFilterTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFilterTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFilterType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28084
   |   |Anonimo25724
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctSilencerType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcEdge
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFaceBound
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEdge
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25416
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25460
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLoop
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:orientation_IfcFaceBound
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26585
   |   |Anonimo28136
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:edgeStart_IfcEdge
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcEdgeCurve
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSubedge
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEdge
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25362
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEdge
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEdge
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:parentEdge_IfcSubedge
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCurveOrEdgeCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFaceBound
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28136
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:edgeStart_IfcEdge
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26699
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:edgeGeometry_IfcEdgeCurve
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcEdgeLoop
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPolyLoop
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertexLoop
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLoop
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27768
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27335
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27021
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25530
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:polygon_IfcPolyLoop
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcLoop
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPath
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |Anonimo25027
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26630
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:edgeList_IfcEdgeLoop
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcElectricAppliance
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcMedicalDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27215
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMedicalDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMedicalDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMedicalDevice
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28219
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricAppliance

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcElectricApplianceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25706
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo26967
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricApplianceType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoard
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBox
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMeter
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25450
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirTerminalBox
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26667
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricDistributionBoard

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28968
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSwitchingDeviceType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28279
   |   |Anonimo26010
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricDistributionBoardType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDevice
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTank
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowStorageDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25105
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTankTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTankTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTank
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowStorageDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25827
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricFlowStorageDevice

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTankType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowStorageDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27466
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTankTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTankTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTankType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowStorageDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26475
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28190
   |   |Anonimo25809
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcElectricGenerator
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundle
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecovery
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25299
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundleTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundleTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTubeBundle
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25350
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricGeneratorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricGeneratorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricGenerator

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcElectricGeneratorType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCooledBeamType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHumidifierType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28530
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCooledBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCooledBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCooledBeamType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo25639
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricGeneratorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricGeneratorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricGeneratorType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcElectricMotor
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporator
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCondenser
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25898
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEvaporator
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25749
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricMotor

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcElectricMotorType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEngineType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChillerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26815
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEngineType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo29080
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricMotorType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcElectricTimeControl
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoard
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBox
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26667
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricDistributionBoard
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25804
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricTimeControlTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricTimeControlTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricTimeControl

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcElectricTimeControlType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26010
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricDistributionBoardType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28279
   |   |Anonimo26949
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricTimeControlTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricTimeControlTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricTimeControlType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27011
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27977
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27020
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGridAxis_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectedTo_IfcPort
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo25011
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28800
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25696
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27495
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25782
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:objectPlacement_IfcProduct
   |   |Anonimo25100
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFillsElement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:providesBoundaries_IfcElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27095
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcGeographicElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25011
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28800
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25100
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFillsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:providesBoundaries_IfcElement
   |   |Anonimo26056
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:assemblyPlace_IfcElementAssembly

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27635
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTransportElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorStyle
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28737
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcElementType
   |   |Anonimo27646
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25514
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26056
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assemblyPlace_IfcElementAssembly
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25011
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28800
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25100
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFillsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:providesBoundaries_IfcElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcElementComponentType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27646
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorStyle
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27619
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28737
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcElementType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDoorStyle
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25038
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26784
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorStyleOperationEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:operationType_IfcDoorStyle
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeResource
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28737
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25071
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26912
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationMap_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:representationMaps_IfcTypeProduct
   |   |Anonimo27469
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcElementType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcElementarySurface
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25880
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26816
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sweptCurve_IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo28717
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28792
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28793
   |   |Anonimo26196
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcElementarySurface
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcEllipse
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCircle
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEllipse
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConic
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26863
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:radius_IfcCircle
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcConic
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOffsetCurve2D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27032
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27314
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcConic
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo28056
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:semiAxis1_IfcEllipse
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcEllipseProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25788
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:depth_IfcCShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28735
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27722
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |Anonimo27528
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:semiAxis2_IfcEllipseProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26234
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27925
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasControlElements_IfcDistributionFlowElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28084
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28777
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29077

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcEngine
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTower
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporator
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25680
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCoolingTower
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27485
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEngine

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcEngineType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcChillerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26640
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChillerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChillerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcChillerType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo26815
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEngineType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcEvaporativeCooler
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundle
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecovery
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25299
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundleTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundleTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTubeBundle
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27477
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEvaporativeCooler

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCooledBeamType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHumidifierType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28530
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCooledBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCooledBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCooledBeamType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo28582
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEvaporativeCoolerType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcEvaporator
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCondenser
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoiler
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26093
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCondenserTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCondenserTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCondenser
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25898
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEvaporator

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcEvaporatorType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEngineType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChillerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26815
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEngineType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo27259
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEvaporatorType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcEvent
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTask
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvent
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProcess
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25447
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTaskTime
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:priority_IfcTask
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcProcess
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26850
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26892
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcProcess
   |   |Anonimo25067
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEventTriggerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEventTime
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:eventOccurenceTime_IfcEvent

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcEventType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTaskType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEventType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProcess
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25120
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTaskTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTaskTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTaskType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProcess
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27857
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26432
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25901
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcTypeProcess
   |   |Anonimo25160
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEventTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEventTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEventType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcExternalSpatialStructureElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZone
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27642
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27091
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZoneTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZoneTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSpatialZone
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26779
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28488
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27480
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:referencesElements_IfcSpatialElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcExtrudedAreaSolid
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceCurveSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFixedReferenceSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25205
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:directrix_IfcSurfaceCurveSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29038
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29010
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25353
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sweptArea_IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo27462
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:depth_IfcExtrudedAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFace
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPath
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28207
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25460
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:edgeList_IfcPath
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26585
   |   |Anonimo26222
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFaceBound
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFaceBound
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:bounds_IfcFace

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFaceBasedSurfaceModel
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAnnotationFillArea
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28589
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29121
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29005
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:outerBoundary_IfcAnnotationFillArea
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceOrFaceSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo26722
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConnectedFaceSet
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConnectedFaceSet
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:fbsmFaces_IfcFaceBasedSurfaceModel

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFaceBound
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEdge
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFaceBound
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28136
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25460
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:edgeStart_IfcEdge
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26585
   |   |Anonimo25416
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLoop
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:orientation_IfcFaceBound
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFacetedBrep
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAdvancedBrep
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFacetedBrep
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcManifoldSolidBrep
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcManifoldSolidBrep
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26668
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25648
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27558
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcClosedShell
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcClosedShell
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:outer_IfcManifoldSolidBrep
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFan
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPump
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompressor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27244
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPumpTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPumpTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPump
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27007
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFanTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFanTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFan

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFanType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPumpType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompressorType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27187
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPumpTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPumpTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPumpType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27139
   |   |Anonimo28729
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFanTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFanTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFanType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFastener
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDiscreteAccessory
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastener
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28727
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25092
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDiscreteAccessoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDiscreteAccessoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDiscreteAccessory
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |Anonimo26052
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFastenerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFastenerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFastener

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFastenerType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25106
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28147
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26725
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:nominalLength_IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27619
   |   |Anonimo25035
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFastenerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFastenerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFastenerType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFeatureElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26056
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assemblyPlace_IfcElementAssembly
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25514
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25011
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28800
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25100
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFillsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:providesBoundaries_IfcElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFeatureElementAddition
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceFeature
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26934
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28512
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27522
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:voidsElements_IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFeatureElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27843
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25514
   |   |Anonimo26049
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelProjectsElement
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelProjectsElement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:projectsElements_IfcFeatureElementAddition
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceFeature
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFeatureElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27843
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26802
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceFeatureTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceFeatureTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSurfaceFeature
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo26934
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28512
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25514
   |   |Anonimo27522
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:voidsElements_IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25619
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25728
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28664
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:crossSections_IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFillStyleSelect
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo25065
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHatchLineDistanceSelect
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveStyle
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:hatchLineAppearance_IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPlanarExtent
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26194
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27298
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29121
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29005
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sizeInX_IfcPlanarExtent
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo26106
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveRatioMeasure
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28917
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26627
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29152
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:tilingPattern_IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFilter
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencer
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFilter
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26828
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctSilencer
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28320
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFilterTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFilterTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFilter

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFilterType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcInterceptorType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27315
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInterceptorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInterceptorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcInterceptorType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28084
   |   |Anonimo26204
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFilterTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFilterTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFilterType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminal
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricAppliance
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMedicalDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28219
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricAppliance
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25958
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFireSuppressionTerminal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminalType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25706
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo28852
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFireSuppressionTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFixedReferenceSweptAreaSolid
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcExtrudedAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceCurveSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27462
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:depth_IfcExtrudedAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29038
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29010
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25353
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sweptArea_IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26072
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:endParam_IfcFixedReferenceSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowController
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26234
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27925
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasControlElements_IfcDistributionFlowElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28279
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28777
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29077

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26234
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27925
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasControlElements_IfcDistributionFlowElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowFittingType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28084
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26037
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28777
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29077

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowInstrument
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSensor
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26193
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSensorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSensorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSensor
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27678
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedToFlowElement_IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |Anonimo25847
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowInstrumentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowInstrumentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFlowInstrument

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowInstrumentType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25786
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcActuatorType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27076
   |   |Anonimo28157
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowInstrumentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowInstrumentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFlowInstrumentType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowMeter
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcValve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26703
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValveTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValveTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcValve
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25128
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMeterTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMeterTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFlowMeter

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowMeterType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26010
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricDistributionBoardType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28279
   |   |Anonimo28498
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMeterTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMeterTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFlowMeterType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26234
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27925
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasControlElements_IfcDistributionFlowElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowMovingDeviceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27139
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28777
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29077

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26234
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27925
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasControlElements_IfcDistributionFlowElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowSegmentType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28279
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo28868
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29126
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28777
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29077

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowStorageDevice
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26234
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27925
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasControlElements_IfcDistributionFlowElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowStorageDeviceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo26475
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28190
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28777
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29077

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26234
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27925
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasControlElements_IfcDistributionFlowElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28084
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28777
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29077

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26234
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27925
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasControlElements_IfcDistributionFlowElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28279
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28084
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28777
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29077

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFooting
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlab
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27956
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:numberOfTreads_IfcStairFlight
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo27724
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFootingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFootingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFooting

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFootingType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcMemberType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26622
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMemberType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo25255
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFootingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFootingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFootingType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFurnishingElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26056
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assemblyPlace_IfcElementAssembly
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25011
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28800
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25100
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFillsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:providesBoundaries_IfcElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27461
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcGeographicElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorStyle
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28737
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcElementType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcFurniture
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurniture
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25913
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSystemFurnitureElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |Anonimo28784
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnitureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnitureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFurniture

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcFurnitureType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnitureType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26163
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSystemFurnitureElementType
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |Anonimo27490
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnitureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:assemblyPlace_IfcFurnitureType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcGeographicElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26056
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assemblyPlace_IfcElementAssembly
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25011
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28800
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25100
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFillsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:providesBoundaries_IfcElement
   |   |Anonimo27095
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcGeographicElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcGeographicElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27646
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorStyle
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28737
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcElementType
   |   |Anonimo27461
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcGeographicElementType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcGeometricSet
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBoundingBox
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26522
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25727
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25728
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28664
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:zDim_IfcBoundingBox
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo25436
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:elements_IfcGeometricSet

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcGrid
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27011
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27977
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectedTo_IfcPort
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25696
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27495
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25782
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:objectPlacement_IfcProduct
   |   |Anonimo26700
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGridAxis_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27020
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGridAxis_List
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGridAxis_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:wAxes_IfcGrid
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcGroup
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25932
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25214
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25057
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcControl
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26017
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25590
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isDeclaredBy_IfcObject
   |   |Anonimo26689
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:isGroupedBy_IfcGroup

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25619
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25728
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28664
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:crossSections_IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo27173
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:baseSurface_IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcHeatExchanger
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCondenser
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoiler
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26093
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCondenserTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCondenserTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCondenser
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26788
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHeatExchangerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHeatExchangerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcHeatExchanger

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcHeatExchangerType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26012
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo27444
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHeatExchangerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHeatExchangerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcHeatExchangerType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcHumidifier
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundle
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecovery
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25299
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundleTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundleTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTubeBundle
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27584
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHumidifierTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHumidifierTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcHumidifier

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcHumidifierType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29080
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricMotorType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo28245
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHumidifierTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHumidifierTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcHumidifierType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25788
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:depth_IfcCShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28735
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27722
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |Anonimo26529
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:flangeSlope_IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcImageTexture
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBlobTexture
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPixelTexture
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26637
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26925
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBinary_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:rasterFormat_IfcBlobTexture
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveStyleFontPattern
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28261
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26254
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26861
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:textureTransform_IfcSurfaceTexture
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo25472
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcURIReference
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcURIReference
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:uRLReference_IfcImageTexture
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcIndexedPolyCurve
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTrimmedCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPolyline
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27883
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26763
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTrimmingPreference
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25681
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeCurveSegment_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25247
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTrimmingSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:trim2_IfcTrimmedCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConic
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25435
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27546
   |   |Anonimo25085
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSegmentIndexSelect_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28876
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSegmentIndexSelect_List
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSegmentIndexSelect_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:segments_IfcIndexedPolyCurve
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcIndexedTextureMap
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTextureMap
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIndexedTextureMap
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureCoordinate
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26224
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertex_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26225
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27242
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25040
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertex_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertex_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:vertices_IfcTextureMap
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo27081
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextStyleForDefinedFont
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28874
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27565
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28142
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28220
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28611
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:maps_IfcTextureCoordinate
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo25397
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTessellatedFaceSet
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertexList
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:mappedTo_IfcIndexedTextureMap
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcInterceptor
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFilter
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencer
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28320
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFilterTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFilterTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFilter
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27448
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInterceptorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInterceptorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcInterceptor

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcInterceptorType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFilterType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25724
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSilencerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctSilencerType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28084
   |   |Anonimo27315
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInterceptorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInterceptorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcInterceptorType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcInventory
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25910
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:servicesBuildings_IfcSystem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26689
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isGroupedBy_IfcGroup
   |   |Anonimo27041
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostValue
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostValue
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:currentValue_IfcInventory

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcJunctionBox
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFitting
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableFitting
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28769
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctFitting
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25678
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcJunctionBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcJunctionBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcJunctionBox

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcJunctionBoxType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCableFittingType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcJunctionBoxType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFittingType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25977
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableFittingType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFittingType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26037
   |   |Anonimo28433
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcJunctionBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcJunctionBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcJunctionBoxType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcLShapeProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25817
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:flangeSlope_IfcTShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28735
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27722
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |Anonimo25116
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:legSlope_IfcLShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcLamp
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcOutlet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsAppliance
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28014
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOutletTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOutletTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcOutlet
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26033
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLampTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLampTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcLamp

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcLampType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcLightFixtureType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26123
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightFixtureTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightFixtureTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcLightFixtureType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo25076
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLampTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLampTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcLampType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcLightFixture
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricAppliance
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27834
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStackTerminal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26121
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightFixtureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightFixtureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcLightFixture

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcLightFixtureType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25706
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo26123
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightFixtureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightFixtureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcLightFixtureType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcLightSource
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPoint
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26544
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25065
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHatchLineDistanceSelect
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29121
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29005
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveStyle
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hatchLineAppearance_IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo27783
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26905
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo25846
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNormalisedRatioMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:intensity_IfcLightSource
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcLightSourceAmbient
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcLightSourceDirectional
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightSourcePositional
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightSource
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26212
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:orientation_IfcLightSourceDirectional
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcLightSource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPoint
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26905
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25846
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNormalisedRatioMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:intensity_IfcLightSource
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcLightSourceDirectional
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcLightSourcePositional
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightSourceAmbient
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightSource
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26077
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:quadricAttenuation_IfcLightSourcePositional
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcLightSource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPoint
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26905
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25846
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNormalisedRatioMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:intensity_IfcLightSource
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26212
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:orientation_IfcLightSourceDirectional
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcLightSourceGoniometric
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcLightSourceDirectional
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightSourcePositional
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightSource
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26212
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:orientation_IfcLightSourceDirectional
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcLightSource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPoint
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26905
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25846
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNormalisedRatioMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:intensity_IfcLightSource
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo25866
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightEmissionSourceEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColourRgb
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:colourAppearance_IfcLightSourceGoniometric
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcLightSourcePositional
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcLightSourceAmbient
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightSourceDirectional
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightSource
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26212
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:orientation_IfcLightSourceDirectional
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcLightSource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPoint
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26905
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25846
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNormalisedRatioMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:intensity_IfcLightSource
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26077
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:quadricAttenuation_IfcLightSourcePositional
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcLine
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcOffsetCurve2D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOffsetCurve3D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27032
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25883
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:basisCurve_IfcOffsetCurve2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |Anonimo26256
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:pnt_IfcLine
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcLoop
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPath
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28207
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25460
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:edgeList_IfcPath
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26585

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcManifoldSolidBrep
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolidModel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29010
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25943
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:treeRootExpression_IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo26668
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25648
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBooleanOperand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28607
   |   |Anonimo27558
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcClosedShell
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcClosedShell
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:outer_IfcManifoldSolidBrep
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcMaterialProperties
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcProfileProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMaterialProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcExtendedProperties
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26811
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:profileDefinition_IfcProfileProperties
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcExtendedProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeration
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyAbstraction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27345
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26271
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcText
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:description_IfcExtendedProperties
   |   |Anonimo26249
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMaterialDefinition
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMaterialDefinition
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:material_IfcMaterialProperties
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcMechanicalFastener
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPart
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVibrationIsolator
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28727
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26807
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPartTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPartTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBuildingElementPart
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |Anonimo25184
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:nominalLength_IfcMechanicalFastener

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25106
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28147
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27802
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPartTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPartTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBuildingElementPartType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27619
   |   |Anonimo26725
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:nominalLength_IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcMedicalDevice
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28029
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirTerminal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27215
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMedicalDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMedicalDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMedicalDevice

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcMedicalDeviceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcLampType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLightFixtureType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25076
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLampTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLampTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcLampType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo26461
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMedicalDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMedicalDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMedicalDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcMember
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPile
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeam
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPileTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPileConstructionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:constructionType_IfcPile
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo25735
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMember

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcMemberType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26471
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcShadingDeviceType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo26622
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMemberType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcMotorConnection
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransformer
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25189
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSolarDevice
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28596
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMotorConnection

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcMotorConnectionType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCooledBeamType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28582
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEvaporativeCoolerType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo26774
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMotorConnectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMotorConnectionType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcObject
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26387
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25597
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitAssignment
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:phase_IfcContext
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo26017
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyDefinition
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25590
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRoot
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28410
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27953
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAggregates
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAggregates
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isDecomposedBy_IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |Anonimo25082
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:isDeclaredBy_IfcObject

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcOffsetCurve2D
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcOffsetCurve3D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27032
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27689
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:basisCurve_IfcOffsetCurve3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |Anonimo25883
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:basisCurve_IfcOffsetCurve2D
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcOffsetCurve3D
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcLine
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOffsetCurve2D
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27032
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26256
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:pnt_IfcLine
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |Anonimo27689
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:basisCurve_IfcOffsetCurve3D
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcOpenShell
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcClosedShell
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOpenShell
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolidOrShell
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcConnectedFaceSet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25386
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFace
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFace
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:cfsFaces_IfcConnectedFaceSet

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcOpeningElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcVoidingFeature
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOpeningElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVoidingFeatureTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVoidingFeatureTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcVoidingFeature
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceFeature
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26934
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28512
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27522
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:voidsElements_IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26638
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOpeningElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOpeningElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcOpeningElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcOrientedEdge
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEdgeCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSubedge
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveOrEdgeCurve
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26699
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:edgeGeometry_IfcEdgeCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEdge
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFaceBound
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28136
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:edgeStart_IfcEdge
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26770
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEdge
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:orientation_IfcOrientedEdge
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcOutlet
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsAppliance
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricAppliance
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28621
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCommunicationsAppliance
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28014
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOutletTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOutletTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcOutlet

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcOutletType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25706
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo29165
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOutletTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOutletTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcOutletType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPath
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConnectedFaceSet
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25416
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLoop
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:orientation_IfcFaceBound
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26585
   |   |Anonimo28207
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25460
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:edgeList_IfcPath
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPcurve
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcOffsetCurve3D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27032
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27689
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:basisCurve_IfcOffsetCurve3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |Anonimo25732
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:basisSurface_IfcPcurve
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPerformanceHistory
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcWorkCalendar
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActionRequest
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27289
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26573
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkCalendarTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25750
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkCalendarTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWorkCalendar
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25932
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25214
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25057
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcControl
   |   |Anonimo26755
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPerformanceHistoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:lifeCyclePhase_IfcPerformanceHistory
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPermeableCoveringProperties
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDoorPanelProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPermeableCoveringProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25691
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorPanelPositionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29042
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionReinforcementProperties_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShapeAspect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:panelPosition_IfcDoorPanelProperties
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantitySet
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28533
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27123
   |   |Anonimo25942
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:frameDepth_IfcPermeableCoveringProperties
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPermit
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcActionRequest
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPerformanceHistory
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27289
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27092
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25750
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:status_IfcActionRequest
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25932
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25214
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25057
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcControl
   |   |Anonimo25061
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcText
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:status_IfcPermit

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPile
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBeam
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28765
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBeam
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo26082
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPileTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPileConstructionEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:constructionType_IfcPile

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPileType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementProxyType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27338
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementProxyTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementProxyTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBuildingElementProxyType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo26858
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPileTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPileTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPileType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPipeFitting
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFitting
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableFitting
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28769
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDuctFitting
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25718
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPipeFitting

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPipeFittingType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierFittingType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFittingType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFittingType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26555
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableCarrierFittingType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFittingType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26037
   |   |Anonimo28677
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeFittingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPipeFittingType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPipeSegment
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuctSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26159
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableCarrierSegment
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27859
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPipeSegment

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPipeSegmentType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableSegmentType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegmentType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27864
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCableCarrierSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCableCarrierSegmentType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegmentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28868
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29126
   |   |Anonimo29105
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPipeSegmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPipeSegmentType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPixelTexture
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBlobTexture
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPixelTexture
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26637
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:rasterFormat_IfcBlobTexture
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveStyleFontPattern
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28261
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26254
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26861
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianTransformationOperator2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:textureTransform_IfcSurfaceTexture
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo25869
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26925
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBinary_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:colourComponents_IfcPixelTexture
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPlacement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28793
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25065
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHatchLineDistanceSelect
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29121
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29005
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveStyle
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hatchLineAppearance_IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo26820
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26821
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo25357
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:location_IfcPlacement
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPlanarExtent
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28793
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25065
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHatchLineDistanceSelect
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29121
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29005
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveStyle
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hatchLineAppearance_IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo27298
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:sizeInX_IfcPlanarExtent
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPlane
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCylindricalSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlane
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementarySurface
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25159
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:radius_IfcCylindricalSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementarySurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28717
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28792
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26196
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcElementarySurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPlate
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcColumn
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28527
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcColumn
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo27167
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlateTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlateTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPlate

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPlateType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcColumnType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChimneyType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27927
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcColumnType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo28292
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlateTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlateTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPlateType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcPoint
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25619
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25728
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28664
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:crossSections_IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26544
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPointOnCurve
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPointOnSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPointOnCurve
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPoint
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26394
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27573
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25920
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26078
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:basisSurface_IfcPointOnSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPoint
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26544
   |   |Anonimo26511
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:basisCurve_IfcPointOnCurve
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPointOnSurface
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPointOnCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPointOnSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPoint
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26511
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27573
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25920
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26078
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:basisCurve_IfcPointOnCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPoint
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26544
   |   |Anonimo26394
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:basisSurface_IfcPointOnSurface
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPolyLoop
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcVertexLoop
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPolyLoop
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLoop
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25576
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26630
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:loopVertex_IfcVertexLoop
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcLoop
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPath
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |Anonimo27768
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27335
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27021
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25530
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:polygon_IfcPolyLoop
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPolygonalBoundedHalfSpace
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBoxedHalfSpace
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPolygonalBoundedHalfSpace
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27149
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundingBox
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundingBox
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:enclosure_IfcBoxedHalfSpace
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27173
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:baseSurface_IfcHalfSpaceSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo27507
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcPolygonalBoundedHalfSpace
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPolyline
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBSplineCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTrimmedCurve
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28871
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27883
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26279
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLogical
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25559
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSegmentIndexSelect_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27204
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLogical
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:selfIntersect_IfcBSplineCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConic
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25435
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27546
   |   |Anonimo25802
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25681
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25247
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:points_IfcPolyline
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPort
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGrid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27743
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27669
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28493
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27020
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGridAxis_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedStructuralActivity_IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27011
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25696
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27495
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25782
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:objectPlacement_IfcProduct
   |   |Anonimo27977
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:connectedTo_IfcPort

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPreDefinedColour
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedCurveFont
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedTextFont
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveStyleFontSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26878
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertex
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28414
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26557
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26955
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:name_IfcPreDefinedItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPreDefinedCurveFont
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedTextFont
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedCurveFont
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25241
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26278
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCurveStyleFontSelect
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertex
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26878
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveFontOrScaledCurveFontSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26557
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26955
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:name_IfcPreDefinedItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcQuantitySet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26978
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25962
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasProperties_IfcPropertySet
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo28533
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27123
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27680
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26990
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:definesType_IfcPropertySetDefinition

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPreDefinedTextFont
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedCurveFont
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedTextFont
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurveStyleFontSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26878
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo25241
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertex
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26278
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26557
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26955
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:name_IfcPreDefinedItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcProcedure
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEvent
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTask
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProcess
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25067
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEventTriggerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEventTime
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:eventOccurenceTime_IfcEvent
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcProcess
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26850
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26892
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcProcess
   |   |Anonimo27837
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProcedureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProcedureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcProcedure

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcProcedureType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTaskType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEventType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProcess
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25120
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTaskTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTaskTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTaskType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProcess
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27857
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26432
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25901
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcTypeProcess
   |   |Anonimo25276
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProcedureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProcedureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcProcedureType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcProcess
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27495
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26689
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isGroupedBy_IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26850
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26017
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25590
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isDeclaredBy_IfcObject
   |   |Anonimo26892
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcProcess

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcProduct
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcResource
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26850
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26368
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActorSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActorSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:theActor_IfcActor
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo25696
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27495
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26017
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25590
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isDeclaredBy_IfcObject
   |   |Anonimo25782
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:objectPlacement_IfcProduct

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcProfileProperties
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcMaterialProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcExtendedProperties
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26249
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMaterialDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMaterialDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:material_IfcMaterialProperties
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcExtendedProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeration
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyAbstraction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27345
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26271
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcText
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:description_IfcExtendedProperties
   |   |Anonimo26811
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:profileDefinition_IfcProfileProperties
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcProject
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcProjectLibrary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProject
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26387
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25597
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitAssignment
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:phase_IfcContext

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcProjectLibrary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcProject
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProjectLibrary
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26387
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25597
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitAssignment
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:phase_IfcContext

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcProjectOrder
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPerformanceHistory
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkCalendar
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27289
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26755
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPerformanceHistoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25750
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:lifeCyclePhase_IfcPerformanceHistory
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25932
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25214
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25057
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcControl
   |   |Anonimo25295
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcText
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProjectOrderTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:longDescription_IfcProjectOrder

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPropertyBoundedValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeratedValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyBoundedValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26295
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29055
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeration
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:enumerationReference_IfcPropertyEnumeratedValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexProperty
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28690
   |   |Anonimo25638
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:setPointValue_IfcPropertyBoundedValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeratedValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyBoundedValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeratedValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25638
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26318
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:setPointValue_IfcPropertyBoundedValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexProperty
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28690
   |   |Anonimo26295
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29055
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeration
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:enumerationReference_IfcPropertyEnumeratedValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPropertyListValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyBoundedValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeratedValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25638
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29055
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:setPointValue_IfcPropertyBoundedValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexProperty
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28690
   |   |Anonimo25629
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27976
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnit
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:unit_IfcPropertyListValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPropertyReferenceValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyBoundedValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeratedValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25638
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29055
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:setPointValue_IfcPropertyBoundedValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexProperty
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28690
   |   |Anonimo26013
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcText
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectReferenceSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:propertyReference_IfcPropertyReferenceValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPropertySet
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcQuantitySet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26978
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27680
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26990
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:definesType_IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |   |Anonimo25962
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:hasProperties_IfcPropertySet

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26938
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26971
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27680
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26546
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27481
   |   |Anonimo26990
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:definesType_IfcPropertySetDefinition

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPropertySetTemplate
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetTemplate
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25221
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25531
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:partOfComplexTemplate_IfcPropertyTemplate
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26938
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26971
   |   |Anonimo26619
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByTemplate
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetTemplateTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:templateType_IfcPropertySetTemplate

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPropertySingleValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyBoundedValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeratedValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25638
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29055
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:setPointValue_IfcPropertyBoundedValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexProperty
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28690
   |   |Anonimo27083
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnit
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:nominalValue_IfcPropertySingleValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPropertyTableValue
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySingleValue
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyBoundedValue
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27083
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnit
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29055
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:nominalValue_IfcPropertySingleValue
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexProperty
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28690
   |   |Anonimo25282
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcText
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26318
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValue_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:expression_IfcPropertyTableValue

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPropertyTemplate
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetTemplate
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26619
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByTemplate
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetTemplateTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:templateType_IfcPropertySetTemplate
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25221
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26938
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26971
   |   |Anonimo25531
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:partOfComplexTemplate_IfcPropertyTemplate

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27680
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26990
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:definesType_IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo26938
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26971
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26546
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27481

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcProtectiveDevice
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBox
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28985
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSwitchingDevice
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26945
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcProtectiveDevice

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnit
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAlarm
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28959
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAlarmTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAlarmTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAlarm
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27678
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedToFlowElement_IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |Anonimo26675
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnit

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25786
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcActuatorType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27076
   |   |Anonimo28008
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27659
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirTerminalBoxType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28279
   |   |Anonimo28806
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcProtectiveDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcProxy
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27011
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27977
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27020
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGridAxis_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectedTo_IfcPort
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25696
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27495
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25782
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:objectPlacement_IfcProduct
   |   |Anonimo26810
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:tag_IfcProxy
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcPump
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCompressor
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFan
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27218
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompressorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompressorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCompressor
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27244
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPumpTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPumpTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPump

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcPumpType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCompressorType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFanType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25675
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompressorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompressorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCompressorType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMovingDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27139
   |   |Anonimo27187
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPumpTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPumpTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPumpType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcQuantityArea
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcQuantityLength
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantityVolume
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26348
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:formula_IfcQuantityLength
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalComplexQuantity
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalQuantity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28045
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26096
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNamedUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNamedUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:unit_IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |Anonimo26066
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:formula_IfcQuantityArea
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcQuantityCount
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcQuantityVolume
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantityArea
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25458
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVolumeMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVolumeMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:volumeValue_IfcQuantityVolume
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalComplexQuantity
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalQuantity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28045
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26096
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNamedUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNamedUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:unit_IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |Anonimo28295
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCountMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:countValue_IfcQuantityCount
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcQuantityLength
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcQuantityVolume
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantityArea
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25458
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVolumeMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVolumeMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:volumeValue_IfcQuantityVolume
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalComplexQuantity
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalQuantity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28045
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26096
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNamedUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNamedUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:unit_IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |Anonimo26348
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:formula_IfcQuantityLength
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcQuantitySet
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantitySet
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28533
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27123
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25962
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasProperties_IfcPropertySet
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26978
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27680
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26990
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:definesType_IfcPropertySetDefinition

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcQuantityTime
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcQuantityArea
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantityLength
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26066
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:formula_IfcQuantityArea
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalComplexQuantity
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalQuantity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28045
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26096
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNamedUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNamedUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:unit_IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |Anonimo25515
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTimeMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTimeMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:timeValue_IfcQuantityTime
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcQuantityVolume
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcQuantityArea
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantityLength
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26066
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:formula_IfcQuantityArea
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalComplexQuantity
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalQuantity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28045
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26096
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNamedUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNamedUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:unit_IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |Anonimo25458
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVolumeMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVolumeMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:volumeValue_IfcQuantityVolume
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcQuantityWeight
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcQuantityVolume
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantityArea
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25458
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVolumeMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVolumeMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:volumeValue_IfcQuantityVolume
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalComplexQuantity
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalQuantity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28045
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26096
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNamedUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNamedUnit
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:unit_IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
   |   |Anonimo25390
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMassMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:weightValue_IfcQuantityWeight
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcRailing
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPile
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeam
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPileTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPileConstructionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:constructionType_IfcPile
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo27411
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRailingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRailingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcRailing

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRailingType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcWallType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27018
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWallType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo26476
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRailingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRailingTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcRailingType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcRamp
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcMember
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPile
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25735
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMember
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo25771
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRampTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRampTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcRamp

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcRampFlight
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcMember
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPile
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25735
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcMember
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo25679
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRampFlightTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRampFlightTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcRampFlight

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRampFlightType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPlateType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28292
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlateTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlateTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPlateType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo25550
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRampFlightTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRampFlightTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcRampFlightType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRampType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcWallType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27018
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWallType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo26062
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRampTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRampTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcRampType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRectangleHollowProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRoundedRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRectangleHollowProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26205
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:roundingRadius_IfcRoundedRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCircleProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26041
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:xDim_IfcRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26772
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:outerFilletRadius_IfcRectangleHollowProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRectangleProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCircleProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25551
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:radius_IfcCircleProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28735
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27722
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |Anonimo26041
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:xDim_IfcRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRectangularPyramid
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRightCircularCylinder
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRectangularPyramid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26658
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:height_IfcRightCircularCylinder
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27100
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27574
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26597
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:yLength_IfcRectangularPyramid
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRectangularTrimmedSurface
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCurveBoundedSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBSplineSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27931
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25123
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26454
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26455
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundaryCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:boundaries_IfcCurveBoundedSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25791
   |   |Anonimo25017
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:u2_IfcRectangularTrimmedSurface
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcReinforcementBarProperties
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSectionProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcementBarProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedProperties
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27013
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sectionType_IfcSectionProperties
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeration
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyAbstraction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28934
   |   |Anonimo25698
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCountMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCountMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:barCount_IfcReinforcementBarProperties
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcReinforcementDefinitionProperties
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDoorPanelProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPermeableCoveringProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25691
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorPanelPositionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShapeAspect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:panelPosition_IfcDoorPanelProperties
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantitySet
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28533
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27123
   |   |Anonimo26744
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionReinforcementProperties_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29042
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionReinforcementProperties_List
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionReinforcementProperties_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:reinforcementSectionDefinitions_IfcReinforcementDefinitionProperties
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcReinforcingBar
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTendonAnchor
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingBar
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26117
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonAnchorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonAnchorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTendonAnchor
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastener
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26636
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28727
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27840
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:steelGrade_IfcReinforcingElement
   |   |Anonimo26134
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingBarTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcReinforcingBar

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcReinforcingBarType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTendonType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingBarType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26199
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAreaMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27203
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBendingParameterSelect_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:crossSectionArea_IfcTendonType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25106
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28147
   |   |Anonimo25614
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAreaMeasure
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27877
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBendingParameterSelect_List
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:barLength_IfcReinforcingBarType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcReinforcingElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastener
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPart
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25184
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:nominalLength_IfcMechanicalFastener
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo26636
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28727
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |Anonimo27840
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:steelGrade_IfcReinforcingElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponentType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26725
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:nominalLength_IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo25106
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28147
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27619

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcReinforcingMesh
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingBar
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonAnchor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26134
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingBarTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcReinforcingBar
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastener
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26636
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28727
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27840
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:steelGrade_IfcReinforcingElement
   |   |Anonimo25892
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingMeshTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcReinforcingMesh

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcReinforcingMeshType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTendonAnchorType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26710
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonAnchorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27877
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBendingParameterSelect_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonAnchorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTendonAnchorType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25106
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28147
   |   |Anonimo26520
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBendingParameterSelect_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27203
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBendingParameterSelect_List
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingMeshTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcReinforcingMeshType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAggregates
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelNests
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28263
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28088
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingBuildingElement_IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDeclares
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26591
   |   |Anonimo25030
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingObject_IfcRelAggregates
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25146
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28832
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28242
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedDefinitions_IfcRelDeclares
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo28034
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyDefinition
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28342
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25332
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28679
   |   |Anonimo26355
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssigns

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssignsToActor
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToProcess
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26516
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProcessSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProcessSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingProcess_IfcRelAssignsToProcess
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28034
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28342
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26355
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssigns
   |   |Anonimo27324
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActorRole
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:actingRole_IfcRelAssignsToActor
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssignsToControl
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToActor
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToProcess
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27324
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActorRole
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:actingRole_IfcRelAssignsToActor
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28034
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28342
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26355
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssigns
   |   |Anonimo27102
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingControl_IfcRelAssignsToControl
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToActor
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToProcess
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27324
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActorRole
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:actingRole_IfcRelAssignsToActor
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28034
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28342
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26355
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssigns
   |   |Anonimo25731
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingGroup_IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssignsToProcess
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToActor
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToProcess
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27324
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActorRole
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:actingRole_IfcRelAssignsToActor
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28034
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28342
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26355
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssigns
   |   |Anonimo26516
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProcessSelect
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProcessSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingProcess_IfcRelAssignsToProcess
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssignsToProduct
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25731
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingGroup_IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28034
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28342
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26355
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssigns
   |   |Anonimo25773
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProductSelect
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProductSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingProduct_IfcRelAssignsToProduct
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssignsToResource
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToProduct
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25773
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProductSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProductSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingProduct_IfcRelAssignsToProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28034
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28342
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26355
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssigns
   |   |Anonimo27530
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcResourceSelect
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcResourceSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingResource_IfcRelAssignsToResource
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28034
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28342
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26355
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyDefinition
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27494
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25332
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28679
   |   |Anonimo27088
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssociates

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssociatesApproval
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociatesConstraint
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociatesDocument
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25726
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:intent_IfcRelAssociatesConstraint
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27494
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27088
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssociates
   |   |Anonimo27294
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcApproval
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcApproval
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingApproval_IfcRelAssociatesApproval
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssociatesClassification
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociatesConstraint
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociatesDocument
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25726
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:intent_IfcRelAssociatesConstraint
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27494
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27088
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssociates
   |   |Anonimo25843
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcClassificationSelect
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcClassificationSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingClassification_IfcRelAssociatesClassification
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssociatesConstraint
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociatesDocument
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociatesMaterial
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26103
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDocumentSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDocumentSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingDocument_IfcRelAssociatesDocument
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27494
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27088
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssociates
   |   |Anonimo25726
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:intent_IfcRelAssociatesConstraint
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssociatesDocument
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociatesMaterial
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociatesClassification
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28763
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMaterialSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMaterialSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingMaterial_IfcRelAssociatesMaterial
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27494
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27088
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssociates
   |   |Anonimo26103
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDocumentSelect
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDocumentSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingDocument_IfcRelAssociatesDocument
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssociatesLibrary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociatesConstraint
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociatesDocument
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25726
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:intent_IfcRelAssociatesConstraint
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27494
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27088
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssociates
   |   |Anonimo26683
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLibrarySelect
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLibrarySelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingLibrary_IfcRelAssociatesLibrary
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelAssociatesMaterial
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociatesClassification
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociatesConstraint
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25843
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcClassificationSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcClassificationSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingClassification_IfcRelAssociatesClassification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27494
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27088
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssociates
   |   |Anonimo28763
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMaterialSelect
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMaterialSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingMaterial_IfcRelAssociatesMaterial
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27494
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27088
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyDefinition
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25332
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28679

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelConnectsElements
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26647
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedElements_IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo28077
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConnectionGeometry
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:connectionGeometry_IfcRelConnectsElements
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelConnectsPathElements
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsWithRealizingElements
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPathElements
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsElements
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26506
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectionType_IfcRelConnectsWithRealizingElements
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsElements
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28077
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConnectionGeometry
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectionGeometry_IfcRelConnectsElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo25861
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedPriorities_IfcRelConnectsPathElements
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelConnectsPortToElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelCoversBldgElements
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26671
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCovering
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedCoverings_IfcRelCoversBldgElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo27539
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingPort_IfcRelConnectsPortToElement
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelInterferesElements
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25087
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedElement_IfcRelInterferesElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo25140
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingPort_IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsElements
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28077
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConnectionGeometry
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectionGeometry_IfcRelConnectsElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo25980
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralActivityAssignmentSelect
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralActivity
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedStructuralActivity_IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsElements
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25980
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralActivityAssignmentSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedStructuralActivity_IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo25924
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralMember
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingStructuralMember_IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelConnectsWithRealizingElements
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPathElements
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsWithRealizingElements
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsElements
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25861
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedPriorities_IfcRelConnectsPathElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsElements
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28077
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConnectionGeometry
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectionGeometry_IfcRelConnectsElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26506
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:connectionType_IfcRelConnectsWithRealizingElements

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelCoversBldgElements
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26671
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCovering
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedCoverings_IfcRelCoversBldgElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo27422
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingStructure_IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelCoversBldgElements
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26338
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalOrVirtualEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalOrVirtualEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:physicalOrVirtualBoundary_IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo26671
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCovering
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedCoverings_IfcRelCoversBldgElements
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelCoversSpaces
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelCoversBldgElements
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27422
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingStructure_IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo25960
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpace
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpace
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingSpace_IfcRelCoversSpaces
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelDeclares
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25146
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28832
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26355
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssigns
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyDefinition
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25332
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28679
   |   |Anonimo28242
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedDefinitions_IfcRelDeclares
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDeclares
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28832
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28242
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedDefinitions_IfcRelDeclares
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyDefinition
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26591
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25332
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28679

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDeclares
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26591
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26355
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelAssigns
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo25146
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyDefinition
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28832
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25332
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28679

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28546
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelDefinesByProperties
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25146
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28832
   |   |Anonimo25577
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelDefinesByProperties
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25577
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25146
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28832
   |   |Anonimo28546
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinitionSelect
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelDefinesByProperties
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelDefinesByTemplate
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25577
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedObjects_IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25146
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28832
   |   |Anonimo28620
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetTemplate
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingTemplate_IfcRelDefinesByTemplate
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelDefinesByType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByTemplate
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28620
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetTemplate
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingTemplate_IfcRelDefinesByTemplate
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefines
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25146
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28832
   |   |Anonimo28100
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingType_IfcRelDefinesByType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelFillsElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28024
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingSystem_IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo27721
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOpeningElement
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedBuildingElement_IfcRelFillsElement
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25924
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralMember
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingStructuralMember_IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo28540
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingFlowElement_IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelInterferesElements
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsElements
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25980
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralActivityAssignmentSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedStructuralActivity_IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo25087
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedElement_IfcRelInterferesElements
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelNests
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelProjectsElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAggregates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25899
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFeatureElementAddition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingElement_IfcRelProjectsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDeclares
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26591
   |   |Anonimo27493
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28088
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingObject_IfcRelNests
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelProjectsElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelAggregates
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25030
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28088
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingObject_IfcRelAggregates
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDeclares
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26591
   |   |Anonimo25899
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFeatureElementAddition
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingElement_IfcRelProjectsElement
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28540
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingFlowElement_IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo26647
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedElements_IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelSequence
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26338
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalOrVirtualEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalOrVirtualEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:physicalOrVirtualBoundary_IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo26490
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProcess
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatedProcess_IfcRelSequence
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelCoversBldgElements
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27422
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingStructure_IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo28024
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingSystem_IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28024
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingSystem_IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnects
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssociates
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28695
   |   |Anonimo26338
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalOrVirtualEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPhysicalOrVirtualEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:physicalOrVirtualBoundary_IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRelNests
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelProjectsElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27493
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28088
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingObject_IfcRelNests
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRelDecomposes
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDeclares
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26591
   |   |Anonimo28263
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:relatingBuildingElement_IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcResource
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26850
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26689
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isGroupedBy_IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcResourceSelect
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28980
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26017
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25590
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isDeclaredBy_IfcObject
   |   |Anonimo26287
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcText
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:longDescription_IfcResource

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRevolvedAreaSolid
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFixedReferenceSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcExtrudedAreaSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26072
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:endParam_IfcFixedReferenceSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29038
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29010
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25353
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sweptArea_IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo25454
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis1Placement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:axis_IfcRevolvedAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRightCircularCone
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBlock
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRectangularPyramid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26274
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:zLength_IfcBlock
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27100
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27574
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo25991
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:bottomRadius_IfcRightCircularCone
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRightCircularCylinder
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRectangularPyramid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRightCircularCylinder
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26597
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:yLength_IfcRectangularPyramid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27100
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27574
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26658
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:height_IfcRightCircularCylinder
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcRoof
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSlab
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStair
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27764
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSlab
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo26789
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRoofTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRoofTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcRoof

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRoofType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcWallType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27018
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWallType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo27260
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRoofTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRoofTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcRoofType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcRoundedRectangleProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRectangleHollowProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRoundedRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26772
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:outerFilletRadius_IfcRectangleHollowProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCircleProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26041
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:xDim_IfcRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26205
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:roundingRadius_IfcRoundedRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSanitaryTerminal
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricAppliance
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMedicalDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28219
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricAppliance
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26022
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSanitaryTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSanitaryTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSanitaryTerminal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSanitaryTerminalType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26967
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricApplianceType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo27089
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSanitaryTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSanitaryTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSanitaryTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSectionProperties
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcementBarProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedProperties
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25698
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCountMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCountMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:barCount_IfcReinforcementBarProperties
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeration
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyAbstraction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28934
   |   |Anonimo27013
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:sectionType_IfcSectionProperties
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSectionReinforcementProperties
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcementBarProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedProperties
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25698
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCountMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCountMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:barCount_IfcReinforcementBarProperties
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeration
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyAbstraction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28934
   |   |Anonimo25659
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingBarRoleEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:transversePosition_IfcSectionReinforcementProperties
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlanarExtent
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26522
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26106
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveRatioMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28917
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26627
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29152
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:tilingPattern_IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo25619
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25728
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28664
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeCurve
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:crossSections_IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSensor
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSensor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25131
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcUnitaryControlElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27678
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedToFlowElement_IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |Anonimo26193
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSensorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSensorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSensor

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSensorType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowInstrumentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActuatorType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28157
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowInstrumentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowInstrumentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFlowInstrumentType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27076
   |   |Anonimo25553
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSensorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSensorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSensorType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcShadingDevice
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlab
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27956
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:numberOfTreads_IfcStairFlight
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo27828
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcShadingDevice

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcShadingDeviceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSlabType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26922
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSlabType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo26471
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcShadingDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcShapeRepresentation
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTopologyRepresentation
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShapeRepresentation
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShapeModel
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcShapeModel
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStyleModel
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentation
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25110

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcShellBasedSurfaceModel
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTessellatedItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundingBox
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26522
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25619
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25728
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28664
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:crossSections_IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo29099
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShell
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShell
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:sbsmBoundary_IfcShellBasedSurfaceModel

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcComplexProperty
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSimpleProperty
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26885
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:usageName_IfcComplexProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcProperty
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyEnumeration
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28690
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27079
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27080
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25305
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcResourceConstraintRelationship
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:hasConstraints_IfcProperty
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSimplePropertyTemplate
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcComplexPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSimplePropertyTemplate
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25768
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexPropertyTemplateTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:templateType_IfcComplexPropertyTemplate
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertySetTemplate
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25221
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25531
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcComplexPropertyTemplate
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:partOfComplexTemplate_IfcPropertyTemplate
   |   |Anonimo25023
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnit
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:primaryUnit_IfcSimplePropertyTemplate

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSite
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingStorey
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuilding
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27658
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elevation_IfcBuildingStorey
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcExternalSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25780
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27642
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25075
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementCompositionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementCompositionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:compositionType_IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |Anonimo26745
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:refElevation_IfcSite

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSlab
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStair
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeam
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25195
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStair
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo27764
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSlab

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSlabElementedCase
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSlabStandardCase
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabElementedCase
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlab
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSlab
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStair
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27764
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSlab

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSlabStandardCase
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSlabElementedCase
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabStandardCase
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlab
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSlab
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStair
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27764
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSlab

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSlabType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcColumnType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChimneyType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27927
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcColumnType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo26922
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSlabType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSolarDevice
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTransformer
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryEquipment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28246
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransformerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransformerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTransformer
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25189
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSolarDevice

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSolarDeviceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBoilerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricMotorType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27122
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoilerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoilerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBoilerType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo25121
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolarDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSolarDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcSolidModel
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25619
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25728
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28664
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:crossSections_IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBooleanOperand
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28607
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSpace
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBuilding
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingStorey
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27472
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elevationOfTerrain_IfcBuilding
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcExternalSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25780
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27642
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25075
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementCompositionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementCompositionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:compositionType_IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |Anonimo26670
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelCoversSpaces
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:hasCoverings_IfcSpace

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSpaceHeater
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcLamp
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOutlet
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26033
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLampTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLampTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcLamp
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28889
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpaceHeaterTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpaceHeaterTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSpaceHeater

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSpaceHeaterType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAudioVisualApplianceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWasteTerminalType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27909
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAudioVisualApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAudioVisualApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAudioVisualApplianceType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo25240
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpaceHeaterTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpaceHeaterTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSpaceHeaterType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27011
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27977
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27020
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGridAxis_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectedTo_IfcPort
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28488
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25696
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27495
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25782
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:objectPlacement_IfcProduct
   |   |Anonimo27480
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:referencesElements_IfcSpatialElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSpatialElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcWindowStyle
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28737
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25463
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWindowStyleOperationEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:operationType_IfcWindowStyle
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo25037
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeResource
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25038
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25071
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26912
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationMap_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:representationMaps_IfcTypeProduct
   |   |Anonimo27799
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcSpatialElementType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcExternalSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZone
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26779
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27091
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZoneTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZoneTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSpatialZone
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo25780
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27642
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28488
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27480
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:referencesElements_IfcSpatialElement
   |   |Anonimo25075
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementCompositionEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementCompositionEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:compositionType_IfcSpatialStructureElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZoneType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25620
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZoneTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZoneTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSpatialZoneType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo27291
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWindowStyle
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26446
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25037
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25038
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27799
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcSpatialElementType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSpatialZone
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcExternalSpatialStructureElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25780
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27642
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25075
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementCompositionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementCompositionEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:compositionType_IfcSpatialStructureElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28488
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27480
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:referencesElements_IfcSpatialElement
   |   |Anonimo27091
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZoneTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZoneTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSpatialZone

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSpatialZoneType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialStructureElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZoneType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27291
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26446
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWindowStyle
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25037
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25038
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27799
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcSpatialElementType
   |   |Anonimo25620
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZoneTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpatialZoneTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSpatialZoneType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSphere
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRectangularPyramid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRightCircularCylinder
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26597
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:yLength_IfcRectangularPyramid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27100
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27574
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo25439
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:radius_IfcSphere
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStackTerminal
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricAppliance
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMedicalDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28219
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricAppliance
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo27834
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStackTerminal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStackTerminalType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSpaceHeaterType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAudioVisualApplianceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25240
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpaceHeaterTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSpaceHeaterTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSpaceHeaterType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo28833
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStackTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStackTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStair
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBeam
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28765
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBeamTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBeam
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo25195
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStair

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSlab
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStair
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27764
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSlab
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo27956
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:numberOfTreads_IfcStairFlight

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStairFlightType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPlateType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28292
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlateTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlateTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcPlateType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo26610
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlightTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlightTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStairFlightType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStairType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDoorType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoveringType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26326
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorTypeOperationEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:operationType_IfcDoorType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo26113
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStairType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralAction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralReaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26682
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo28469
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28544
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27910
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25716
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGlobalOrLocalEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:globalOrLocal_IfcStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo25448
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:destabilizingLoad_IfcStructuralAction

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralActivity
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27011
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27977
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27020
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGridAxis_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsPorts
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectedTo_IfcPort
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27910
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25696
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27495
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25782
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:objectPlacement_IfcProduct
   |   |Anonimo25716
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGlobalOrLocalEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:globalOrLocal_IfcStructuralActivity
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralAnalysisModel
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingSystem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionSystem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27416
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingSystemTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:longName_IfcBuildingSystem
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25910
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:servicesBuildings_IfcSystem
   |   |Anonimo28129
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:sharedPlacement_IfcStructuralAnalysisModel
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralConnection
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralMember
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralConnection
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26328
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25957
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectedBy_IfcStructuralMember
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGrid
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29098
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27743
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27669
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28493
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedStructuralActivity_IfcStructuralItem
   |   |Anonimo28063
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundaryCondition
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:connectsStructuralMembers_IfcStructuralConnection

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralCurveAction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceAction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralPointAction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27504
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProjectedOrTrueLengthEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceActivityTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:projectedOrTrue_IfcStructuralSurfaceAction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralReaction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28544
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25448
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:destabilizingLoad_IfcStructuralAction
   |   |Anonimo25516
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProjectedOrTrueLengthEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProjectedOrTrueLengthEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:projectedOrTrue_IfcStructuralCurveAction
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralCurveConnection
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceConnection
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralPointConnection
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralConnection
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27170
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:conditionCoordinateSystem_IfcStructuralPointConnection
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralConnection
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralMember
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29098
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28063
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundaryCondition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectsStructuralMembers_IfcStructuralConnection
   |   |Anonimo26217
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:axis_IfcStructuralCurveConnection
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralCurveMember
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceMember
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveMember
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralMember
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25688
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:thickness_IfcStructuralSurfaceMember
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralMember
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralConnection
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26328
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25957
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectedBy_IfcStructuralMember
   |   |Anonimo27456
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStructuralCurveMember
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralCurveReaction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralPointReaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceReaction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralReaction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26415
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceActivityTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceActivityTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStructuralSurfaceReaction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralReaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26682
   |   |Anonimo28206
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveActivityTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveActivityTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStructuralCurveReaction
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcGrid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28488
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26700
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGridAxis_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27020
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGridAxis_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGridAxis_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:wAxes_IfcGrid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo27743
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27669
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25696
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27495
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25782
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:objectPlacement_IfcProduct
   |   |Anonimo28493
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedStructuralActivity_IfcStructuralItem

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralResultGroup
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27228
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAnalysisTheoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAnalysisTheoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:theoryType_IfcStructuralResultGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26689
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isGroupedBy_IfcGroup
   |   |Anonimo25022
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLoadGroupTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRatioMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralLoadLinearForce
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadLinearForce
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28496
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcForceMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTorqueMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:forceX_IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceReinforcementArea
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27181
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28170
   |   |Anonimo26253
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLinearMomentMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLinearForceMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:linearMomentX_IfcStructuralLoadLinearForce

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralLoadPlanarForce
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadLinearForce
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28496
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcForceMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTorqueMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:forceX_IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceReinforcementArea
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27181
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28170
   |   |Anonimo28280
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlanarForceMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlanarForceMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:planarForceX_IfcStructuralLoadPlanarForce

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralLoadSingleDisplacement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadLinearForce
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28496
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcForceMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTorqueMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:forceX_IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceReinforcementArea
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27181
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28170
   |   |Anonimo26470
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:displacementX_IfcStructuralLoadSingleDisplacement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadLinearForce
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26253
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLinearMomentMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLinearForceMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:linearMomentX_IfcStructuralLoadLinearForce
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceReinforcementArea
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27181
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28170
   |   |Anonimo28496
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcForceMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTorqueMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:forceX_IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceReinforcementArea
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadOrResult
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25829
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26136
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26732
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27150
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26088
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:surfaceReinforcement1_IfcSurfaceReinforcementArea
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo27181
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadConfiguration
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28170
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27146

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralLoadTemperature
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadLinearForce
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28496
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcForceMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTorqueMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:forceX_IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceReinforcementArea
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27181
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28170
   |   |Anonimo25127
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcThermodynamicTemperatureMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcThermodynamicTemperatureMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:deltaTY_IfcStructuralLoadTemperature

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralMember
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralConnection
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralMember
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29098
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28063
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundaryCondition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectsStructuralMembers_IfcStructuralConnection
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGrid
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26328
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27743
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27669
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28493
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedStructuralActivity_IfcStructuralItem
   |   |Anonimo25957
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:connectedBy_IfcStructuralMember

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralPointAction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveAction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceAction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25516
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProjectedOrTrueLengthEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProjectedOrTrueLengthEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:projectedOrTrue_IfcStructuralCurveAction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralReaction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28544
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25448
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:destabilizingLoad_IfcStructuralAction

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralPointConnection
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveConnection
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceConnection
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralConnection
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26217
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:axis_IfcStructuralCurveConnection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralConnection
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralMember
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29098
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28063
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundaryCondition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectsStructuralMembers_IfcStructuralConnection
   |   |Anonimo27170
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:conditionCoordinateSystem_IfcStructuralPointConnection

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralPointReaction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceReaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveReaction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralReaction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26415
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceActivityTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceActivityTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStructuralSurfaceReaction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralReaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26682

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralReaction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralReaction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28544
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25448
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:destabilizingLoad_IfcStructuralAction
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralActivity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26682
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27910
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25716
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGlobalOrLocalEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:globalOrLocal_IfcStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralResultGroup
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25910
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:servicesBuildings_IfcSystem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26689
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isGroupedBy_IfcGroup
   |   |Anonimo27228
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAnalysisTheoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAnalysisTheoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:theoryType_IfcStructuralResultGroup
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceAction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralPointAction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveAction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25516
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProjectedOrTrueLengthEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProjectedOrTrueLengthEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:projectedOrTrue_IfcStructuralCurveAction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralReaction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28544
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25448
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:destabilizingLoad_IfcStructuralAction
   |   |Anonimo27504
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProjectedOrTrueLengthEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceActivityTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:projectedOrTrue_IfcStructuralSurfaceAction
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceConnection
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralPointConnection
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveConnection
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralConnection
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27170
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:conditionCoordinateSystem_IfcStructuralPointConnection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralConnection
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralMember
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29098
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28063
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundaryCondition
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectsStructuralMembers_IfcStructuralConnection

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceMember
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveMember
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceMember
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralMember
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27456
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStructuralCurveMember
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralMember
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralConnection
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26328
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25957
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:connectedBy_IfcStructuralMember
   |   |Anonimo25688
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceMemberTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:thickness_IfcStructuralSurfaceMember
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceReaction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveReaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralPointReaction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralReaction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28206
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveActivityTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralCurveActivityTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStructuralCurveReaction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralReaction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAction
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralActivity
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26682
   |   |Anonimo26415
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceActivityTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralSurfaceActivityTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStructuralSurfaceReaction
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSubedge
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEdgeCurve
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEdge
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26770
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEdge
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:orientation_IfcOrientedEdge
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEdge
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFaceBound
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28136
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:edgeStart_IfcEdge
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo25362
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEdge
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEdge
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:parentEdge_IfcSubedge
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcSurface
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlanarExtent
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26522
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26106
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveRatioMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28917
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26627
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29152
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:tilingPattern_IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28793
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSurfaceCurveSweptAreaSolid
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFixedReferenceSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcExtrudedAreaSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26072
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:endParam_IfcFixedReferenceSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29038
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29010
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25353
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sweptArea_IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo25205
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCurve
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterValue
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:directrix_IfcSurfaceCurveSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSurfaceFeature
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceFeature
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26934
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28512
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27522
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:voidsElements_IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFeatureElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25514
   |   |Anonimo26802
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceFeatureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceFeatureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSurfaceFeature

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSurfaceOfLinearExtrusion
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceOfRevolution
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceOfLinearExtrusion
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27851
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis1Placement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis1Placement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:axisPosition_IfcSurfaceOfRevolution
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25880
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26816
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sweptCurve_IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26124
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:depth_IfcSurfaceOfLinearExtrusion
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSurfaceOfRevolution
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceOfLinearExtrusion
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceOfRevolution
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26124
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:depth_IfcSurfaceOfLinearExtrusion
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25880
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26816
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sweptCurve_IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo27851
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis1Placement
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis1Placement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:axisPosition_IfcSurfaceOfRevolution
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSurfaceReinforcementArea
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadStatic
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceReinforcementArea
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27181
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28170
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadOrResult
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadConfiguration
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27146
   |   |Anonimo25829
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26136
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26732
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27150
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26088
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:surfaceReinforcement1_IfcSurfaceReinforcementArea

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolidModel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25648
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25943
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:treeRootExpression_IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo29038
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29010
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBooleanOperand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28607
   |   |Anonimo25353
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:sweptArea_IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSweptDiskSolid
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptAreaSolid
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSolidModel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25648
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25943
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCsgSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:treeRootExpression_IfcCsgSolid
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSolidModel
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionedSpine
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBooleanOperand
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28607
   |   |Anonimo25273
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:radius_IfcSweptDiskSolid
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25791
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26196
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcElementarySurface
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSurface
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25880
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricSetSelect
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28793
   |   |Anonimo26816
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:sweptCurve_IfcSweptSurface
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSwitchingDevice
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBox
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowMeter
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25450
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirTerminalBox
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28985
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSwitchingDevice

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27659
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirTerminalBoxType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28279
   |   |Anonimo28968
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSwitchingDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSystem
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralResultGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25022
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLoadGroupTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRatioMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26689
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAssignsToGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isGroupedBy_IfcGroup
   |   |Anonimo25910
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:servicesBuildings_IfcSystem

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFurniture
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28784
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnitureTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnitureTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFurniture
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |Anonimo25913
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSystemFurnitureElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFurnitureType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27490
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnitureTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assemblyPlace_IfcFurnitureType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |Anonimo26163
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystemFurnitureElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSystemFurnitureElementType

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTShapeProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26529
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:flangeSlope_IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28735
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27722
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |Anonimo25817
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:flangeSlope_IfcTShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcTank
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTank
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowStorageDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25827
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricFlowStorageDevice
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowStorageDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowFitting
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25105
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTankTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTankTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTank

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTankType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTankType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowStorageDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25809
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowStorageDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26475
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28190
   |   |Anonimo27466
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTankTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTankTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTankType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTask
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEvent
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTask
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProcess
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25067
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEventTriggerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEventTime
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:eventOccurenceTime_IfcEvent
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcProcess
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26850
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26892
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcProcess
   |   |Anonimo25447
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTaskTime
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:priority_IfcTask
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTaskType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEventType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTaskType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProcess
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25160
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEventTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEventTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEventType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProcess
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27857
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26432
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25901
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcTypeProcess
   |   |Anonimo25120
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTaskTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTaskTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTaskType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcTendon
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingMesh
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingBar
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25892
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingMeshTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcReinforcingMesh
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastener
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26636
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28727
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27840
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:steelGrade_IfcReinforcingElement
   |   |Anonimo25031
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcForceMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:tensionForce_IfcTendon

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcTendonAnchor
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingBar
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonAnchor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26134
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingBarTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcReinforcingBar
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastener
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26636
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28727
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27840
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:steelGrade_IfcReinforcingElement
   |   |Anonimo26117
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonAnchorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonAnchorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTendonAnchor

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTendonAnchorType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTendonType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingBarType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26199
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAreaMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27877
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBendingParameterSelect_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:crossSectionArea_IfcTendonType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25106
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28147
   |   |Anonimo26710
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonAnchorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonAnchorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTendonAnchorType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTendonType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingBarType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTendonType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25614
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAreaMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27877
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBendingParameterSelect_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:barLength_IfcReinforcingBarType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcReinforcingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25106
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28147
   |   |Anonimo26199
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAreaMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:crossSectionArea_IfcTendonType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcTessellatedItem
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBoundingBox
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28688
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25727
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25728
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25565
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28664
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:zDim_IfcBoundingBox
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26522
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27100
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27574
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28917
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26627
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29152
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo27794
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTextureCoordinateGenerator
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcIndexedTextureMap
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureMap
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27081
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28874
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25397
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTessellatedFaceSet
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26225
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27242
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25040
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertex_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertexList
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:mappedTo_IfcIndexedTextureMap
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTextureCoordinate
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextStyleForDefinedFont
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27565
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28142
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28220
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28611
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:maps_IfcTextureCoordinate
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26156
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26157
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:parameter_IfcTextureCoordinateGenerator
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTextureMap
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcIndexedTextureMap
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureMap
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27081
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28874
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25397
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTessellatedFaceSet
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26157
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertexList
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:mappedTo_IfcIndexedTextureMap
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTextureCoordinate
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextStyleForDefinedFont
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27565
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28142
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28220
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28611
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceTexture_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:maps_IfcTextureCoordinate
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26224
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertex_List
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26225
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27242
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25040
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertex_List
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextureVertex_List
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:vertices_IfcTextureMap
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcTopologyRepresentation
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcShapeRepresentation
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologyRepresentation
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShapeModel
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcShapeModel
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStyleModel
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentation
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25110

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcTransformer
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryEquipment
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTower
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28017
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryEquipmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryEquipmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcUnitaryEquipment
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28246
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransformerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransformerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTransformer

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTransformerType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCooledBeamType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28582
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporativeCoolerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEvaporativeCoolerType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo26665
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransformerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransformerTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTransformerType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcTransportElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27095
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcGeographicElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25011
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28800
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25100
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFillsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:providesBoundaries_IfcElement
   |   |Anonimo28858
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTransportElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTransportElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27646
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorStyle
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28737
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcElementType
   |   |Anonimo27635
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTransportElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTransportElementType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTrapeziumProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26529
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPlaneAngleMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:flangeSlope_IfcIShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28735
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27722
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |Anonimo26335
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:topXDim_IfcTrapeziumProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTrimmedCurve
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPolyline
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBSplineCurve
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedCurve
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27883
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25802
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25681
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSegmentIndexSelect_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25247
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:points_IfcPolyline
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBoundedCurve
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcConic
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25435
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27546
   |   |Anonimo26763
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTrimmingPreference
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTrimmingSelect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:trim2_IfcTrimmedCurve
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcTubeBundle
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecovery
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElectricGenerator
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28499
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirToAirHeatRecovery
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo25299
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundleTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundleTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTubeBundle

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcTubeBundleType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcEngineType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcChillerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26815
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEngineTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcEngineType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo29141
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundleTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTubeBundleTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcTubeBundleType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcContext
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26017
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25590
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25082
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isDeclaredBy_IfcObject
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPropertyDefinition
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRoot
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28410
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27953
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAggregates
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelAggregates
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:isDecomposedBy_IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |Anonimo27036
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByType
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:applicableOccurrence_IfcTypeObject

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcTypeProcess
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeResource
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26742
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25071
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26912
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationMap_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:representationMaps_IfcTypeProduct
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo27857
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26432
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27036
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:applicableOccurrence_IfcTypeObject
   |   |Anonimo25901
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcTypeProcess

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTypeResource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26491
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26742
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25554
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcText
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:longDescription_IfcTypeResource
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27036
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:applicableOccurrence_IfcTypeObject
   |   |Anonimo25071
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26912
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationMap_List
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:representationMaps_IfcTypeProduct

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcTypeResource
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeResource
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26432
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25071
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26912
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationMap_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:representationMaps_IfcTypeProduct
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo26491
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObject
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26742
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectDefinition
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27036
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelDefinesByType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:applicableOccurrence_IfcTypeObject
   |   |Anonimo25554
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcText
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:longDescription_IfcTypeResource

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcUShapeProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcZShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26331
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:flangeWidth_IfcZShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28735
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27722
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |Anonimo25939
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:webThickness_IfcUShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSensor
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26193
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSensorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSensorTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSensor
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27678
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFlowControlElements
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:assignedToFlowElement_IfcDistributionControlElement
   |   |Anonimo25131
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcUnitaryControlElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAlarmType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28468
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAlarmTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAlarmTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAlarmType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27076
   |   |Anonimo26615
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcUnitaryControlElementType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcUnitaryEquipment
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTower
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEvaporator
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25680
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCoolingTower
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowSegment
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28017
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryEquipmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryEquipmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcUnitaryEquipment

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcUnitaryEquipmentType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCondenserType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBurnerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25099
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCondenserTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCondenserTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcCondenserType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27963
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28969
   |   |Anonimo26913
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryEquipmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcUnitaryEquipmentTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcUnitaryEquipmentType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcValve
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDevice
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBox
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28985
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSwitchingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcSwitchingDevice
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowController
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo26703
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValveTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValveTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcValve

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcValveType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProtectiveDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27659
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirTerminalBoxType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowControllerType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionChamberElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28279
   |   |Anonimo26818
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValveTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcValveTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcValveType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcVector
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPointList
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27100
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27574
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28917
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26627
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25566
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcReal_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_EmptyList
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29152
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVector_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:placement_IfcTextLiteral
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcCsgPrimitive3D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcVectorOrDirection
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMappedItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28632
   |   |Anonimo26590
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDirection
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:magnitude_IfcVector
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
ifc:IfcVertex
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcConnectedFaceSet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25386
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFace
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25460
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFace
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:cfsFaces_IfcConnectedFaceSet
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationItem
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26585

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcVertexLoop
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPolyLoop
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertexLoop
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLoop
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27768
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27335
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOrientedEdge_List
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27021
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25530
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCartesianPoint_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:polygon_IfcPolyLoop
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcLoop
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPath
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
   |   |Anonimo25576
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVertex
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:loopVertex_IfcVertexLoop
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcVibrationIsolator
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPart
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVibrationIsolator
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28727
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26807
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPartTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementPartTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcBuildingElementPart
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponent
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |Anonimo26263
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVibrationIsolatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVibrationIsolatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcVibrationIsolator

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcVibrationIsolatorType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDiscreteAccessoryType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcMechanicalFastenerType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponentType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28147
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26704
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDiscreteAccessoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDiscreteAccessoryTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcDiscreteAccessoryType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElementComponentType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssemblyType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27619
   |   |Anonimo25391
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVibrationIsolatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVibrationIsolatorTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcVibrationIsolatorType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElementAssembly
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27459
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27095
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcGeographicElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPort
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25011
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28800
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25100
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelSpaceBoundary
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelFillsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:providesBoundaries_IfcElement

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcVoidingFeature
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcOpeningElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVoidingFeature
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26638
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOpeningElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcOpeningElementTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcOpeningElement
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSurfaceFeature
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26934
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28512
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27522
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelVoidsElement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:voidsElements_IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26469
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVoidingFeatureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVoidingFeatureTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcVoidingFeature

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcWall
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlab
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27956
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcInteger
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:numberOfTreads_IfcStairFlight
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo25905
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWall

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcWallElementedCase
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcWallStandardCase
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallElementedCase
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWall
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcWall
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25905
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWall

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcWallStandardCase
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcWallElementedCase
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallStandardCase
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWall
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcWall
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25905
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWall

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcWallType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSlabType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26471
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcShadingDeviceType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo27018
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWallType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcWasteTerminal
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28029
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAirTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcAirTerminal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminal
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElement
   |   |Anonimo28233
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWasteTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWasteTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWasteTerminal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcWasteTerminalType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28852
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFireSuppressionTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcFireSuppressionTerminalType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDistributionFlowElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28776
   |   |Anonimo26721
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWasteTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWasteTerminalTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWasteTerminalType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcWindow
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcColumn
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStairFlight
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28527
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcColumnTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcColumn
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElement
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcVirtualElement
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27467
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27468
   |   |Anonimo25049
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:overallWidth_IfcWindow

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcWindowLiningProperties
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcDoorLiningProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPermeableCoveringProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25093
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29042
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionReinforcementProperties_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:liningDepth_IfcDoorLiningProperties
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantitySet
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28533
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27123
   |   |Anonimo25429
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShapeAspect
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNormalisedRatioMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:shapeAspectStyle_IfcWindowLiningProperties

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcWindowPanelProperties
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcPermeableCoveringProperties
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorPanelProperties
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25942
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo29042
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSectionReinforcementProperties_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:frameDepth_IfcPermeableCoveringProperties
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcQuantitySet
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28533
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27123
   |   |Anonimo25769
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWindowPanelOperationEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShapeAspect
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:shapeAspectStyle_IfcWindowPanelProperties
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcWindowStyle
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDoorStyle
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28737
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27469
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:elementType_IfcElementType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcTypeProduct
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeResource
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcTypeObject
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25071
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26912
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRepresentationMap_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:representationMaps_IfcTypeProduct
   |   |Anonimo25463
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBoolean
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWindowStyleOperationEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:operationType_IfcWindowStyle
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcWindowType
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcWallType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcShadingDeviceType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27018
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWallTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWallType
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingElementType
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcFurnishingElementType
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25874
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo26213
   |   |Anonimo26281
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWindowTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWindowTypePartitioningEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWindowType
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcWorkCalendar
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcActionRequest
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPerformanceHistory
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27289
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27092
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25750
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:status_IfcActionRequest
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25932
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25214
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25057
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcControl
   |   |Anonimo26573
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkCalendarTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkCalendarTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWorkCalendar

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcWorkControl
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcActionRequest
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPerformanceHistory
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcControl
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27092
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25750
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCostValue_List
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:status_IfcActionRequest
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo27288
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActor
   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27289
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25932
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo25214
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25057
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcIdentifier
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:identification_IfcControl
   |   |Anonimo25548
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuration
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDateTime
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:totalFloat_IfcWorkControl
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcWorkPlan
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcWorkSchedule
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkPlan
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkControl
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26215
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkScheduleTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkScheduleTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWorkSchedule
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcWorkControl
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActionRequest
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27288
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27289
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25548
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuration
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDateTime
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:totalFloat_IfcWorkControl
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26509
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkPlanTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkPlanTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWorkPlan

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcWorkSchedule
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcWorkPlan
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkSchedule
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkControl
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26509
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkPlanTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkPlanTypeEnum
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWorkPlan
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcWorkControl
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcActionRequest
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27288
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo27289
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25548
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDuration
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcDateTime
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:totalFloat_IfcWorkControl
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |Anonimo26215
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkScheduleTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcWorkScheduleTypeEnum
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:predefinedType_IfcWorkSchedule

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron real
ifc:IfcZShapeProfileDef
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCircleProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |   |Anonimo26041
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:xDim_IfcRectangleProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcCompositeProfileDef
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcProfileDef
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo28735
   |   |   |   |Anonimo27722
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcAxis2Placement2D
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:position_IfcParameterizedProfileDef
   |   |Anonimo26331
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:flangeWidth_IfcZShapeProfileDef
   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
ifc:IfcZone
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralAnalysisModel
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcBuildingSystem
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |   |Anonimo28129
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcObjectPlacement
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:sharedPlacement_IfcStructuralAnalysisModel
   |   |   |   |   |owl:qualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ifc:IfcSystem
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcStructuralLoadGroup
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcGroup
   |   |   |   |Anonimo25910
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcRelServicesBuildings
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ifc:servicesBuildings_IfcSystem
   |   |Anonimo26232
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onClass
   |   |   |   |ifc:IfcLabel
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |ifc:longName_IfcZone
ifc: 523 estructuras filtradas
ignf: 274 estructuras totales
incident: 16 estructuras totales
infor: 19 estructuras totales
iol: 288 estructuras totales
iot-lite: 34 estructuras totales
iottaxolite: 461 estructuras totales
ipo: 246 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |owl:NamedIndividual
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |owl:NamedIndividual
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |owl:NamedIndividual
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
ipo:Activity
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |ipo:Procedure
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |ipo:core
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ipo:CompoundAction
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29337
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ipo:solves
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ipo:Issue
   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |ipo:core
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |ipo:CompoundAction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |ipo:Task
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |ipo:core
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |ipo:Action
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29341
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |ipo:hasFirstStep
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |ipo:Step
ipo: 1 estructuras filtradas
irao: 217 estructuras totales
irw: 117 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
irw:AbstractResource
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |irw:ConceptualResource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |irw:AbstractResource
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |irw:NonInformationResource
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |irw:NonInformationResource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |irw:InformationResource
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |irw:Resource
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29373
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |irw:SemanticWebURI
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |irw:isIdentifiedBy

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
irw:ConceptualResource
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |irw:AbstractResource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |irw:ConceptualResource
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |irw:NonInformationResource
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |irw:NonInformationResource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |irw:InformationResource
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |irw:Resource
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29373
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |irw:SemanticWebURI
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |irw:isIdentifiedBy

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
irw:PhysicalEntityResource
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |irw:AbstractResource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |irw:ConceptualResource
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |irw:NonInformationResource
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |irw:NonInformationResource
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |irw:InformationResource
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |irw:Resource
   |   |   |   |Anonimo29373
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |irw:SemanticWebURI
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |irw:isIdentifiedBy
irw: 3 estructuras filtradas
is: 22 estructuras totales
isbd: 452 estructuras totales
ispra: 4 estructuras totales
ivoam: 10 estructuras totales
juso: 182 estructuras totales
juso.kr: 174 estructuras totales
keys: 83 estructuras totales
km4c: 1306 estructuras totales
ldp: 47 estructuras totales
lemon: 261 estructuras totales
lexdcp: 14 estructuras totales
lexinfo: 2292 estructuras totales
lh: 45 estructuras totales
lime: 106 estructuras totales
lingvo: 94 estructuras totales
lmm1: 157 estructuras totales
lmm2: 147 estructuras totales
locn: 40 estructuras totales
lode: 28 estructuras totales
log: 17 estructuras totales
lom: 359 estructuras totales
lslife: 194 estructuras totales
lsmap: 10 estructuras totales
lsweb: 200 estructuras totales
lswmo: 22 estructuras totales
lswpm: 1270 estructuras totales
ludo-gm: 317 estructuras totales
ludo-gp: 68 estructuras totales
ludo-vc: 25 estructuras totales
ludo-xapi: 196 estructuras totales
lvont: 43 estructuras totales
m3lite: 540 estructuras totales
m4i: 174 estructuras totales
ma-ont: 135 estructuras totales
mdr: 21 estructuras totales
medred: 133 estructuras totales
mil: 2508 estructuras totales
mo: 756 estructuras totales
mod: 348 estructuras totales
mrel: 272 estructuras totales
msm: 40 estructuras totales
munc: 28 estructuras totales
music: 432 estructuras totales
mvco: 436 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
mvco:Adaptation
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:Manifestation
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Work
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31881
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:CreateWork
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:resultedFrom
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:MakeManifestation
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Permission
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31879
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:hasRightsOwner
   |   |Anonimo31843
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31809
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31857
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:resultedFrom

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
mvco:Copy
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:Manifestation
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Work
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31881
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:CreateWork
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:resultedFrom
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:MakeManifestation
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Permission
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31879
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:hasRightsOwner
   |   |Anonimo31823
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:resultedFrom
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |mvco:MakeCopy

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:complementOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
mvco:CreateWork
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:MakeCopy
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:MakeManifestation
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31870
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Copy
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31904
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:resultsIn
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Instance
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31842
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |Anonimo31797
   |   |   |owl:complementOf
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31798
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedOver
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedBy
   |   |Anonimo31833
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |mvco:Work
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:resultsIn

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
mvco:Distribute
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:EndUserAction
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Produce
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31906
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Product
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31787
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedOver
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Instance
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31842
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedBy
   |   |Anonimo31804
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |mvco:Product
   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:actedOver

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
mvco:EndUserAction
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:Produce
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:PublicCommunication
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31901
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Product
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31787
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:resultsIn
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Instance
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31842
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedBy
   |   |Anonimo31906
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |mvco:Product
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:actedOver

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
mvco:Instance
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:Work
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Work
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31790
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:CreateWork
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:resultedFrom
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Produce
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Permission
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31879
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:hasRightsOwner
   |   |Anonimo31869
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:resultedFrom
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |mvco:MakeInstance

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
mvco:MakeAdaptation
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:MakeInstance
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:PublicCommunication
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31789
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Manifestation
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31904
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:resultsIn
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Instance
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31842
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedBy
   |   |Anonimo31805
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31846
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31872
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:actedOver

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
mvco:MakeCopy
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:MakeManifestation
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Produce
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31914
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Manifestation
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31787
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:resultsIn
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31910
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31842
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedBy
   |   |Anonimo31870
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |mvco:Copy
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31904
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:resultsIn

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
mvco:MakeInstance
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:PublicCommunication
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Synchronise
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31827
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31855
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31861
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedOver
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31910
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31842
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedBy
   |   |Anonimo31789
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:resultsIn
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |mvco:Instance

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo

Patron real
mvco:MakeManifestation
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:Produce
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:PublicCommunication
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31901
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Product
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31787
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:resultsIn
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedBy
   |   |Anonimo31914
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |mvco:Manifestation
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:resultsIn
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31910
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31842

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
mvco:Manifestation
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:Work
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Work
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31790
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:CreateWork
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:resultedFrom
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Produce
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Permission
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31879
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:hasRightsOwner
   |   |Anonimo31881
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:resultedFrom
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |mvco:MakeManifestation

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
mvco:Produce
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:PublicCommunication
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Synchronise
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31827
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31855
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31861
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedOver
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedBy
   |   |Anonimo31901
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |mvco:Product
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31787
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:resultsIn

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
mvco:Product
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:Work
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31790
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:CreateWork
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:resultedFrom
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:Permission
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31879
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:hasRightsOwner
   |   |Anonimo31793
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:resultedFrom
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |mvco:Produce

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
mvco:PublicCommunication
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |mvco:Synchronise
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31795
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:Work
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedOver
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |mvco:Action
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |mvco:IPEntity
   |   |   |owl:versionInfo
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Thing
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31783
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:User
   |   |   |   |   |owl:cardinality
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |mvco:actedBy
   |   |Anonimo31827
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |Anonimo31855
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo31861
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |mvco:actedOver
mvco: 14 estructuras filtradas
nas: 162 estructuras totales
nen2660: 553 estructuras totales
ngeo: 34 estructuras totales
nif: 128 estructuras totales
nrv: 62 estructuras totales
ntag: 45 estructuras totales
oa: 122 estructuras totales
obo: 19787 estructuras totales
obws: 13 estructuras totales
odpart: 16 estructuras totales
odrl: 1086 estructuras totales
ofo: 114 estructuras totales
ofrd: 123 estructuras totales
olca: 1 estructuras totales
olo: 32 estructuras totales
omg: 57 estructuras totales
ont: 9 estructuras totales
ontolex: 113 estructuras totales
ontopic: 124 estructuras totales
opmw: 44 estructuras totales
ore: 32 estructuras totales
org: 123 estructuras totales
osadm: 2 estructuras totales
oslc: 137 estructuras totales
oslo: 168 estructuras totales
oum: 16234 estructuras totales
owl: 77 estructuras totales
p-plan: 65 estructuras totales
pav: 115 estructuras totales
pbo: 35 estructuras totales
pc: 108 estructuras totales
peco: 31 estructuras totales
pfeepsa: 1 estructuras totales
plink: 6697 estructuras totales
plo: 35 estructuras totales
pmofn: 97 estructuras totales
pmonb: 75 estructuras totales
pmopb: 182 estructuras totales
pmovn: 595 estructuras totales
postcode: 1 estructuras totales
pproc: 440 estructuras totales
pr: 12 estructuras totales
premis: 94 estructuras totales
prissma: 13 estructuras totales
pro: 85 estructuras totales
prof: 9 estructuras totales
prov: 497 estructuras totales
provoc: 54 estructuras totales
prv: 107 estructuras totales
prvt: 35 estructuras totales
pso: 88 estructuras totales
pwo: 85 estructuras totales
qu: 211 estructuras totales
r-arco: 728 estructuras totales
r4r: 31 estructuras totales
radion: 13 estructuras totales
rains: 851 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
rains:ComplianceSpecification
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |rains:DatasetSpecification
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |rains:SupportingInfrastructureSpecification
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |rains:DesignSpecification
   |   |   |   |Anonimo64323
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |rains:ProduceSpecification
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64314
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |eppl:isOutputVariableOf
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |rains:DesignSpecification
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |rains:HumanDecision
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |saont:AccountableResult
   |   |   |   |Anonimo64236
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |rains:ProduceSpecification
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64196
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |eppl:isOutputVariableOf
   |   |Anonimo64123
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |rains:ProduceSpecification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64305
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |eppl:isOutputVariableOf

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
rains:DatasetSpecification
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |rains:SupportingInfrastructureSpecification
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |rains:SystemPurposeSpecification
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |rains:DesignSpecification
   |   |   |   |Anonimo64132
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64301
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64118
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |eppl:isVariableOfPlan
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |rains:DesignSpecification
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |rains:HumanDecision
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |saont:AccountableResult
   |   |   |   |Anonimo64236
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |rains:ProduceSpecification
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64196
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |eppl:isOutputVariableOf
   |   |Anonimo64323
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |rains:ProduceSpecification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64314
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |eppl:isOutputVariableOf

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
rains:EvaluationSpecification
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |rains:SystemPurposeSpecification
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |rains:DesignSpecification
   |   |   |   |Anonimo64058
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64067
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64068
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |eppl:isVariableOfPlan
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |rains:DesignSpecification
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |rains:HumanDecision
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |saont:AccountableResult
   |   |   |   |Anonimo64236
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |rains:ProduceSpecification
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64196
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |eppl:isOutputVariableOf
   |   |Anonimo64099
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |rains:ProduceSpecification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64279
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |eppl:isOutputVariableOf

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
rains:ModelSpecification
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |rains:SystemPurposeSpecification
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |rains:SystemPurposeSpecification
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |rains:DesignSpecification
   |   |   |   |Anonimo64058
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64067
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64068
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |eppl:isVariableOfPlan
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |rains:DesignSpecification
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |rains:HumanDecision
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |saont:AccountableResult
   |   |   |   |Anonimo64236
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |rains:ProduceSpecification
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64196
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |eppl:isOutputVariableOf
   |   |Anonimo64172
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |rains:ProduceSpecification
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64079
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |eppl:isOutputVariableOf

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad

Patron real
rains:SupportingInfrastructureSpecification
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |rains:SystemPurposeSpecification
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |rains:DesignSpecification
   |   |   |   |Anonimo64058
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64067
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64068
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |eppl:isVariableOfPlan
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |rains:DesignSpecification
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |rains:HumanDecision
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |saont:AccountableResult
   |   |   |   |Anonimo64236
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |rains:ProduceSpecification
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64196
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |eppl:isOutputVariableOf
   |   |Anonimo64132
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |Anonimo64301
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo64118
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |eppl:isVariableOfPlan
rains: 5 estructuras filtradas
rb: 56 estructuras totales
rbdoc: 41 estructuras totales
rdafrbr: 21 estructuras totales
rdag1: 893 estructuras totales
rdag2: 74 estructuras totales
rdag3: 23 estructuras totales
rdarel: 1235 estructuras totales
rdarel2: 61 estructuras totales
rdarole: 408 estructuras totales
rdf: 40 estructuras totales
rdfa: 14 estructuras totales
rdfg: 4 estructuras totales
react: 45 estructuras totales
rec: 26 estructuras totales
rec54: 53 estructuras totales
rico: 3997 estructuras totales
rlog: 20 estructuras totales
ro: 34 estructuras totales
roh: 2888 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |roh:
   |   |   |   |roh:vcard
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:intersectionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |   |   |xsd:string
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |   |xsd:string
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:intersectionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |   |xsd:boolean
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |xsd:boolean

Patron real
roh:Company
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |roh:University
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |roh:Organization
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |roh:Organization
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |roh:Person
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |roh:
   |   |   |   |roh:vcard
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |roh:Agent
   |   |   |   |Anonimo65388
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |rdfs:Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |roh:Accreditation
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:intersectionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo66350
   |   |   |   |   |   |xsd:string
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |roh:hasAccreditation
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |rdfs:Literal
   |   |   |   |   |   |roh:Organization
   |   |   |   |   |   |xsd:string
   |   |Anonimo66167
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |Anonimo66235
   |   |   |   |   |owl:intersectionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo65426
   |   |   |   |xsd:boolean
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |roh:isStartup
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |xsd:boolean
roh: 1 estructuras filtradas
rov: 8 estructuras totales
rr: 113 estructuras totales
rto: 365 estructuras totales
ruto: 120 estructuras totales
s4ac: 29 estructuras totales
s4agri: 216 estructuras totales
s4bldg: 913 estructuras totales
s4city: 135 estructuras totales
s4ehaw: 198 estructuras totales
s4ener: 409 estructuras totales
s4envi: 238 estructuras totales
s4inma: 156 estructuras totales
s4syst: 45 estructuras totales
s4watr: 266 estructuras totales
s4wear: 186 estructuras totales
saont: 37 estructuras totales
saref: 388 estructuras totales
sbeo: 872 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
sbeo:HorizontalMovingPavement
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |sbeo:VerticalMovingPavement
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |sbeo:VerticalPassage
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |sbeo:HorizontalPassage
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |sbeo:VerticalPassage
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |sbeo:Passage
sbeo: 1 estructuras filtradas
scip: 127 estructuras totales
scot: 108 estructuras totales
sd: 55 estructuras totales
sdm: 14 estructuras totales
seas: 9 estructuras totales
seas-sys: 2 estructuras totales
seasbo: 3 estructuras totales
seasd: 21 estructuras totales
seasfo: 9 estructuras totales
seast: 1 estructuras totales
seasto: 3 estructuras totales
sem: 69 estructuras totales
semiotics: 120 estructuras totales
seo: 581 estructuras totales
seq: 16 estructuras totales
sf: 33 estructuras totales
sh: 513 estructuras totales
shoah: 61 estructuras totales
shw: 2246 estructuras totales
simu: 225 estructuras totales
sio: 600 estructuras totales
sioc: 297 estructuras totales
situ: 10 estructuras totales
skos: 79 estructuras totales
skosxl: 14 estructuras totales
sosa: 119 estructuras totales
sp: 157 estructuras totales
spatial: 49 estructuras totales
spfood: 242 estructuras totales
spin: 119 estructuras totales
spvqa: 130 estructuras totales
sql: 236 estructuras totales
sronto: 954 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:complementOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
sronto:lunar_site
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |sronto:solar_site
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |sronto:solar_site
   |   |   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo71837
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |sronto:sun
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |sronto:has_origin
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |sronto:extraterrestrial_site
   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |Anonimo71332
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |sronto:earth_moon
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |sronto:has_origin
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |sronto:extraterrestrial_site
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |sronto:terrestrial_site
   |   |   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo71449
   |   |   |   |   |owl:complementOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo71767
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |sronto:has_origin
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |sronto:terrestrial_site
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |sronto:astronomical_site

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:complementOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
sronto:martian_site
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |sronto:solar_site
   |   |   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo71837
   |   |   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |sronto:sun
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |sronto:has_origin
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |sronto:extraterrestrial_site
   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |Anonimo71657
   |   |   |owl:allValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |sronto:Mars
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |sronto:has_origin
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |sronto:extraterrestrial_site
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |sronto:terrestrial_site
   |   |   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo71449
   |   |   |   |   |owl:complementOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo71767
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |sronto:has_origin
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |sronto:terrestrial_site
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |sronto:astronomical_site
sronto: 2 estructuras filtradas
ssn: 256 estructuras totales
ssno: 256 estructuras totales
sto: 1426 estructuras totales
swp: 8 estructuras totales
synsem: 50 estructuras totales
tax: 11 estructuras totales
taxon: 76 estructuras totales
taxref-ld: 1 estructuras totales
tb: 805 estructuras totales
tddfa: 75 estructuras totales
tddial: 1 estructuras totales
tddm: 172 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |owl:Restriction
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |Propiedad
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
todo:ContentRequest
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |todo:YesNoRequest
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |todo:SystemRequest
   |   |   |   |Anonimo73132
   |   |   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |   |   |todo:hasStepFunction
   |   |   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |   |   |todo:YesNoRequestStepFunction
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |todo:SystemRequest
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |todo:SystemResponse
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:isDefinedBy
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |todo:SystemStep
   |   |Anonimo73126
   |   |   |owl:onProperty
   |   |   |   |todo:hasStepFunction
   |   |   |owl:someValuesFrom
   |   |   |   |todo:ContentRequestStepFunction
tddm: 1 estructuras filtradas
tddom: 322 estructuras totales
tddt: 76 estructuras totales
tddw: 1 estructuras totales
te: 175 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
time:ProperInterval
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |time:Instant
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |time:InstantThing
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |time:ProperIntervalThing
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |time:InstantThing
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |time:IntervalThing
te: 1 estructuras filtradas
test: 41 estructuras totales
tfo: 5 estructuras totales
ti: 13 estructuras totales
time: 278 estructuras totales
tio: 195 estructuras totales
tis: 24 estructuras totales
tl: 249 estructuras totales

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
tl:PhysicalTimeLine
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |tl:RelativeTimeLine
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |tl:PhysicalTimeLine
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |tl:ContinuousTimeLine
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |tl:ContinuousTimeLine
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |tl:DiscreteTimeLine
   |   |   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo73544
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo73545
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |tl:TimeLine

Patron tipo
owl:Class
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |   |   |owl:Class
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |owl:Class

Patron real
tl:RelativeTimeLine
   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |tl:PhysicalTimeLine
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |tl:RelativeTimeLine
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |tl:ContinuousTimeLine
   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |tl:ContinuousTimeLine
   |   |   |owl:disjointWith
   |   |   |   |tl:DiscreteTimeLine
   |   |   |owl:equivalentClass
   |   |   |   |Anonimo73544
   |   |   |   |   |owl:unionOf
   |   |   |   |   |   |Anonimo73545
   |   |   |rdfs:comment
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:label
   |   |   |   |Literal
   |   |   |rdfs:subClassOf
   |   |   |   |tl:TimeLine
tl: 2 estructuras filtradas
todo: 24 estructuras totales
topo: 228 estructuras totales
traffic: 1781 estructuras totales
trao: 32 estructuras totales
tsioc: 53 estructuras totales
tsn: 91 estructuras totales
tsnc: 114 estructuras totales
txn: 591 estructuras totales
tzont: 55 estructuras totales
uby: 255 estructuras totales
uco: 174 estructuras totales
ui: 339 estructuras totales
uiot: 50 estructuras totales
uiote: 105 estructuras totales
uiots: 159 estructuras totales
uneskos: 10 estructuras totales
uniprot: 379 estructuras totales
usability: 330 estructuras totales
vaem: 171 estructuras totales
vartrans: 51 estructuras totales
vcard: 331 estructuras totales
veo: 21 estructuras totales
vgo: 114 estructuras totales
vin: 1378 estructuras totales
vivo: 1868 estructuras totales
voaf: 83 estructuras totales
vocals: 36 estructuras totales
vso: 220 estructuras totales
w3c-ssn: 256 estructuras totales
wdrs: 3 estructuras totales
wf-invoc: 12 estructuras totales
wfdesc: 26 estructuras totales
wfm: 31 estructuras totales
wfprov: 23 estructuras totales
whois: 48 estructuras totales
wi: 41 estructuras totales
wikibase: 72 estructuras totales
wl: 6 estructuras totales
wo: 17 estructuras totales
xapi: 26 estructuras totales

Vocabularios con patrón: 19
Estructuras encontradas: 735